(The water ripples in the breeze as the seagulls fly overhead. The ubiqui-
tous windmills of this bright white world turn, their heavy creaking sound 
sailing on the air. Beneath the water, schools of fish swim in slow currents. 
High above the water, cable cars traverse over wires in the sunlight, 
clanging as they move along. At the world's central point, a grand tower 
stands. Inside the tower, the sun shines warmly on a pair of young boys 
seated at a table. The wall-length curtains ripple as the breeze wafts 
through the open window. On the table sits a game board with twenty playing 
pieces, thirteen black and seven white)

Boy in Black: Have you heard of the ancient Keyblade War?

Boy in White: Huh? Of course I have.

Boy in Black: Long ago, Keyblade wielders waged a war over the ownership 
of light.

(The Boy in Black moves one of his black pieces and takes one of the white 
pieces, as you would in a chess game)

Boy in White: Yeah, the Master's favorite story.

(The Boy in White takes a black piece with one of his white pieces)

Boy in Black: I wonder what they planned on doing with Kingdom Hearts after...
making it appear.

Boy in White: Who knows? I don't get why anyone would initiate a war.

(The boys keep playing)

Boy in Black: So...you know the "Lost Masters"?

Boy in White: Who?

Boy in Black: They're the ones who started the Keyblade War.

Boy in White: Never heard of 'em. Where'd you hear about that?

Boy in Black: Or...they're the ones for whom the war started.

Boy in White: I'm not following you.

Boy in Black: You can drop the facade.

Boy in White: Facade?

Boy in Black: "On that land shall darkness prevail and light expire." A 
prospective Keyblade Master should know this.

Boy in White: If you say so.

Boy in Black: The Gazing Eye sees the fate of the World.

(The Boy in Black looks up to a Keyblade on the wall with an eye set in 
its teeth)

The Boy in Black: The future--it's already been written.

Boy in White: Really? I'm not so sure about that.

(He picks up a white piece bearing a blank heart token)

Bow in White: Besides, who's to say I can't change it? And maybe light 
will prevail.

(The Boy in Black gives a small laugh)

Boy in Black: Pretty confident.

(He moves to claim another white piece)

Boy in Black: But things aren't in your favor.

Boy in White: Perhaps. But unlike darkness, there is more to light than 
meets the eye. You might be surprised.

(The Boy in Black smiles, peering at the other boy with his gray eyes)

Boy in Black: Oh, I hope so.

(Far into the future, Sora, Donald and Goofy meet at Yen Sid's Mysterious 
Tower. The trio stand at attention as the former Keyblade Master sits in 
his tall chair)

Yen Sid: In order to defeat Xehanort, there are allies we must gather, 
acting now to rouse them from their slumber. We have discussed this before, 
Sora.

(They nod)

Yen Sid: Your Mark of Mastery exam was conducted in the hopes you would 
acquire the power to wake them. However, the darkness nearly took control 
of you, and your grasp of your new abilities leaves much to be desired.

(Sora looks sad and Donald and Goofy share concerned faces)

Yen Sid: Furthermore, Xehanort nearly made you his vessel, and in the 
process stripped you of most of the power you had gained by then. I suspect 
you have already noticed this, correct? But first, you must regain all the 
strength you have lost. Perhaps it is foolish to expect a complete recovery, 
but it is absolutely vital you perfect one power--the power of waking, 
which you failed to master during your exam. There's someone who lost his 
strength and found it again, a true hero to whom you ought to pay a visit.

(Sora perks up and strikes various bodybuilding poses, to Donald's less-
than-amusement)

Yen Sid: Perhaps he can point you in the right direction.

Sora (saluting): Got it.

(The sorcerer nods)

Donald: Master Yen Sid...

Goofy: You can count on us to take care of Sora!

Yen Sid: I would have it no other way. I put Sora in your hands.

Donald (to Sora): And don't forget, we'll keep an eye on you.

(Donald holds out his hand)

Goofy: Oh, this is gonna be lots of fun!

(Goofy joins with his own hand)

Sora: It's not a vacation!

(Sora completes the trio)

Sora: Let's go!

(They stand at attention toward Yen Sid)

Sora, Donald & Goofy: Count on us!

(Later, the three fly in the Gummi Ship, seemingly going nowhere. Donald 
and Sora cross their arms impatiently. Sora whines as Donald glares at him)

Sora: How're we supposed to get there now?

Donald: What? I thought you knew!

Goofy: Looks like all the old highways are closed. Didn't Master Yen Sid 
say that Sora should trust the guidance his heart gives?

Donald: C'mon, Sora. Which way?

Sora: Ummm...

Donald: Hey, would you get serious?

Sora: Gimme a break, I'm trying. These things take time!

(Donald sighs)

Goofy: Well, since we've already been before, why don't you try picturing 
out friends like we're there?

(Sora stands up and walks behind his chair)

Sora: Hmmm...

(He strikes a bicep pose, mimicking Hercules)

Donald: Well?

Sora: Sorry, I got nothin'. What did you expect?

(Donald falls back into his chair, exasperated)

Goofy: "May your heart be your guiding key."

Sora: Huh? What's that?

Goofy: Master Yen Sid always said that, right before we went off on any of 
our real important adventures.

Sora: Really? (to Donald) Ring a bell?

Donald: Uh-uh...

Goofy: Maybe I just imagined it.

(He scratches his head)

Sora: "May my heart be my guiding key."

(He gets an idea and runs back to his chair)

Sora: I've got it!

(He summons the Keyblade and aims it forward. The tip glows brightly and a 
portal opens ahead of the ship)

Donald & Goofy: It's a gate!

(Sora sits in his chair)

Sora: All right! Olympus Coliseum, here we come!

(He grabs the controls and the ship speeds off into space through the portal)

KINGDOM HEARTS II.9

Narrator: At long last, the time had come. The planets were edging into 
perfect alignment...and the plan Hades devised eighteen years ago was about 
to reach fruition. The Fates had predicted this very future--the day he 
would sieze control of Olympus and rule over all the cosmos. Hades' previous 
attempts--using Terra, Cloud, and Auron to advance his plans for conquest--
had failed. The hour was not yet right. But now the planets were aligned 
and nothing could possibly go wrong. A wave of darkness lanced down from 
their celestial rank, and one by one, Hades freed the Titans from their 
prison--some of them the same monstrosities that Sora and his friends had 
already fought and bested before. With both the Titans and his longing for 
vengeance against Zeus reinvigorated, Hades began his attack on Olympus.

(Sora, Donald and Goofy land on Olympus in a small cave)

Sora: Huh? Uh... 

(He sees no one around)

Sora: No fanfare?

(He mocks playing a trumpet. Donald listens for one, but shakes his head)

Donald: Un-uh...

(Goofy looks around)

Goofy: Nope, looks like we missed the Coliseum.

(Sora continues looking around)

Donald: Sora, YOU opened the gate!

(Sora scratches his head bashfully)

Sora: I was a little off again. Sorry! We'll find him. But we need to go!

(He starts walking in a direction)

Donald: Up the mountain?

Sora: Yeah. "Up" is the usual direction.

Goofy: Well, never hurts to have your head in the clouds.

Sora: Exactly!

(Smirking, he makes a tough fist. Goofy giggles and Donald gives a sigh. 
Sora continues walking with Goofy following behind)

Sora: Hey. We're leaving!

(Donald opens his eyes and jumps with a shout, running up to catch them. 
Soon, they reach a clearing with a few trees)

Goofy: I think we might be goin' in circles.

(Sora thinks)

Donald (judgmentally): Sora...

Sora: Did I make a turn at the wrong rock?

(He walks closer to the edge and calls out)

Sora: Hey, Hercules! Where are youuu?

(A wisp of smoke lands near them and out of the cloud appears...)

Hades: All right. I know I dotted my I's, crossed my T's, zeroed the hero. 
So what gives? Who could possibly be trying to give me a migraine by 
yodeling that yutz's name?

Sora: Really? Hades?

(Hades sighs)

Hades: Oh, it's just you. Oy vey.

Sora: It's just us? Even for you that's cold.

Hades: Don't forget...I can always (yelling) turn up the heat!

Goofy: Wait. If Hades is here, then where's Herc?

(Hades whirls toward Goofy, startling him)

Hades: What is everyone's infatuation with that dolt?!

(The blue flame on his head bursts into a large red one, turning his 
skin red as well. He glares at Goofy for a moment before cooling himself 
down, becoming blue again)

Hades: You know what? Never mind. Never mind. I'm cool. I'm good. 
Because...Wonderboy'll be outta my hair soon enough.

(The trio summon their weapons)

Sora: So you're up to no good again!

Goofy: Of course he is.

Donald: You bet!

Hades: Whoa, easy--what is this, Sparta? Kind of on a schedule. Don't 
have time to toss around the old fire and brimstone. The whole cosmos is 
basically waiting for me to, you know, conquer it!

(Hades walks away and they dispel their weapons)

Sora: Poor Hades. He thinks he can actually pull it off this time.

Hades (calling): Where are my Titans? Show me your power!

(The sky turns dark and the ground shakes. An enormous shadow looms over 
them and Donald hides behind Sora before a blast of icy wind comes over 
the mountain. Above, lava flows from a nearby precipice)

Hades: Ahh! Love the breeze.

(The wind gains speed and sheds its icy qualities. The three struggle 
to hold on but are swept up and off the mountain. Hades looks over his 
handiwork)

Hades: Ahh. That sent 'em sailing.

(He pauses)

Hades: Sailing right to where I left... 

(He turns away casually)

Hades: Eh, no biggie.

(He gazes upward at the Titans)

Hades: Nice work, boys! So, back to the whole cosmic coup thing?

(They retreat into the mountain again. Hades waves as a corridor of 
darkness appears behind him)

Hades: Ugh. Really? Are you kidding? Geez Louise. Seriously, when it 
rains, it pours. Okay, who's the new pest?

(He turns to see...)

Pete: Hey, now, that ain't no way to say hello, 'specially to your old 
friends.

(Pete and Maleficent emerge from the portal)

Hades: Oh, perfect. Now I gotta put up with you two. Funny, I don't 
remember you doing me any memorable favors. So, you can keep your 
Heartless this time. I'm going back to my original plan. All right? 
So...toodle-oo! Exit's thataway.

(He points to his left)

Hades: Hey, it was great seein' ya! (singing) Happy traaails!

Maleficent: We are not here for you. I have my own business to attend to. 
All I need to know is if there is a distinctive...black box somewhere in 
this world?

Hades: Black box, huh?

(He thinks)

Hades: Hmm... Black box, black box, black box... Wait. Don't tell me... 
You're after the one Zeus hid on earth?

Maleficent: Possibly. If I were, where might it be?

(Elsewhere, in the city of Thebes, Hercules wipes his hands together, 
having done some heavy lifting, when upon hearing the sound of screams, 
he turns, seeing Sora, Donald and Goofy flying towards him. His eyes 
widen and he jumps into the air, catching Sora and Goofy in both arms. 
He lands on one knee and stands)

Sora: See? Found him.

Goofy: Yeah, guess this counts!

(Hercules chuckles)

Donald: Get me down!

(Herc turns to see Donald caught on the fangs of a lion statue)

Hercules: Just a second!

(Donald yells and crosses his arms with a glare. After Hercules saves him...)

Hercules: You guys are here! Sora, Donald, Goofy! You literally dropped 
in. Gotta say, I'm impressed.

Donald: Thanks!

Goofy: Liked the catch.

Sora: Yeah, thanks Herc. But...what's going on?

(Sora looks around at the burning city, smoke plumes billowing into the 
sky. Several cracked stone building surround them. Hercules sighs)

Hercules: Take a guess. Starts with an H.

Sora: Ah, I get the picture. Actually, we bumped into the H-ster on the 
way here.

Donald (nodding): Uh-huh.

Goofy: He said somethin' about conquerin' the whole cosmos.

Hercules: All of it, huh? Nice of him to show a little self-restraint. 
Well, whatever he's planning, I'll send him running back across the Styx.

(He strikes a hero pose and Sora mimics him)

Sora: That's our Herc!

(The four of them walk through the city toward a gigantic statue of our 
famous hero himself)

Hercules: So Sora, is there a reason you guys are visiting? I'm guessing 
it's not just for the cheese and olives.

Sora: Oh yeah!

Goofy: It sounds like somebody forgot.

Donald: That's Sora.

(Sora crosses his arms)

Sora: I just...took my time remembering. Herc, I came here so I could ask 
you something.

Hercules: Ask ME?

Sora: Yeah. Do you remember the last time we were together? You were 
feeling down and out. How'd you get your strength back--when you jumped 
in and saved Meg?

Hercules: Hmm...that's tough. All I know is that she was in trouble. 
Suddenly, I wanted to save her with all my heart, but...it's not like I 
could tell you how.

Sora (looking down): Oh, man.

Hercules: What's wrong?

Sora: All my strength is gone from me too. That's why I need you--because 
I was hoping you might have a solution, or something.

Hercules: I'm sorry, Sora.

(Donald sees a shower of meteors over Herc's shoulder, but on closer look, 
they're actually...)

Donald: Heartless!

(Most of the Heartless land, while one strikes the statue of Hercules on 
the foot, causing the enormous statue to topple over. The trio take out 
their weapons)

Hercules: Let's talk later!

Sora: Right...once we've dealt with these guys.

(They fight the group of Flame Cores)

???: Hercules!

(Herc turns to see a flying white horse, Pegasus, land with a whinny near 
them, carrying Megara and Philoctetes. Meg, as her friends call her, jumps 
down from Pegasus with Phil in tow)

Meg: You're okay!

Hercules: Meg!

Meg: Boy, that didn't look so fun.

Hercules: No, not with the Heartless involved. We're just lucky our 
friends showed up.

Meg (smiling): Well, whaddaya know? Sora, Donald, Goofy, guess I owe you a 
big thank you.

Hercules: Meg, you need to stay someplace safe. We'll search the city and 
make sure everyone manages to get clear of the fire.

Meg: Be careful, Wonderboy.

Hercules: I will.

(He turns to the trio)

Hercules: So, you guys in?

Sora: Of course we're in!

Donald: We're heroes!

Goofy: Mm-hmm!

Meg: Break a leg then...heroes.

(They strike a pose. Meg walks back to Pegasus)

Hercules: Phil, you should go with Meg.

(Phil nods and follows her, leaping aboard the horse. Hercules approaches 
and strokes his mane. Pegasus lets off a loud whinny)

Hercules: You gotta keep her safe.

(Pegasus responds with a serious stare before taking off into the sky. The 
four watch until they're out of sight)

???? Heeelp!

(Goofy lifts an ear and listens)

????: Is anyone theeere?

Goofy: Hey! I hear a voice!

Hercules: From which way?

(Goofy points to their left)

Goofy: Over that way.

(Hercules looks up to see a young girl trapped on a large rock against a 
stone wall)

Girl: Help meee!

(She almost slips)

Hercules: Oh no! There's a little girl caught in the fire!

Sora (running ahead): Let's go!

Hercules: Wait. Running's too slow!

(Sora slides to a stop)

Sora: Then what's the other choice?

(Herc thinks and turns to the fallen statue)

Hercules (pointing): Get on that.

(Donald, Goofy and then Sora climb aboard the cape of the statue)

Donald: Is it safe?

Goofy (shrugs): Hope so.

Sora: Like this?

Hercules: That's good. Now hold on tight!

(They hang on as Hercules lifts the gigantic statue above his head with a 
grunt)

Sora: Wh-- Wha-- Whoooa! Herc, m-maybe we should... I don't think this is 
a good idea!

(Hercules aims the statue toward the fire and sends it sailing)

Sora: Oh no! Not agaaaaaain!

(They successfully rescue the girl in time)

Girl: Thank you for saving me.

(She bows)

Sora: Yeah, no prob.

(She giggles and runs off)

Sora: We better check and see if anyone else needs us.

(Donald and Goofy nod)

Donald: Yep.

(Maleficent portals in behind them)

Maleficent: Well, if it isn't Sora and the King's pawns.

(They turn in surprise as Pete follows her)

Sora: Maleficent! Pete!

(The trio brandishes their weapons)

Sora: Are you the reason the Heartless are here?

Maleficent: Certainly not.

(Pete eyes Sora carefully)

Pete: Say, Maleficent, I dunno about his sidekicks, but Kid Keyblader here 
looks way punier than the last time we saw him.

(Sora frowns)

Pete: I say we finish him off while we still can.

Maleficent: Waste no time with the boy. He's inconsequential. We have a 
far more pressing matter to attend to.

(Pete crosses his arms and raises an eyebrow in thought)

Pete: Oh! We gots to find that black box.

Maleficent: Be silent, you fool!

(Pete grimaces at her outburst)

Maleficent: As for you three: we shall meet again...when I have time for 
such trifles.

(She turns and enters a portal of darkness)

Pete: Yeah, and youse better get your act together before then. Later, 
twerps!

(He waves them off and follows the witch)

Sora: Wait!

(Sora runs after them but the portal closes in time. Sora stops, his 
shoulders slumping)

Donald: Sora?

(Sora sighs, looking crestfallen)

Sora: It's fine. I can take it.

Goofy: Gawrsh, it sure don't sound like it. Did Pete sayin' mean things 
bother ya?

(Sora crosses his arms)

Sora (petulantly): It's fine! I can take it.

Donald: You're gonna get stronger!

Goofy: We know ya! You CAN take it!

Sora: Don't say that!

Goofy (to Donald): I just said what he said.

Donald: He can take it!

(They proceed through the city, when another barrage of Flame Cores bursts 
through the buildings ahead, causing Goofy to yell. They defeat the 
Heartless and continue onward, however the path forward remains engulfed 
in flames. Sora approaches, but is burned)

Sora: Ouch!

Donald: Now what are we gonna do?

(Goofy holds his shield out in front of him and pushes it against the fire. 
Seeing that he's okay, he turns to them)

Goofy: Fellas! I just got a crazy idea!

(Sora and Donald catch on)

Sora: The shield!

Goofy: Ready?

(Goofy tosses the shield to the ground and Sora and Donald leap aboard. 
Goofy gets ready to push)

Goofy: Here goes!

(The shield slides forward over the fiery bricks as Goofy jumps on. They 
ride the shield sled-style through the flames as debris falls around them. 
At the end of the path, the flames die down and they hop off just as a huge 
fiery rock shoots from the sky)

Donald: The building!

(An immense structure held up by numerous stone pillars crumbles to the 
ground)

Goofy: Gawrsh, I hope they've got insurance.

Sora: If there's anybody else stuck out here, we'd better find 'em fast.

(They enter the Gardens section of the city where a young woman is trapped 
on top of a pillar, surrounded by Flame Core Heartless)

Woman: Someone, heeelp!

(She peers over the edge of the pillar)

Woman: Where did all these monsters come from? Hercules, where are youuu?!

(Sora, Donald and Goofy run up)

Donald: Look!

Sora: Oh no!

Goofy: Help is on the way!

(They run down the stairs towards the fray and the woman sees them)

Sora: We'll put these hotheads out!

Goofy: Hang on up there!

Woman: Huh? Who are you three? Where is Hercules?

Donald: Hey, we're heroes too!

(The defeat the Heartless and the young woman descends from the pillar, 
running over to them)

Woman: Thank you. You're so kind. Keep training and one day you'll be 
great heroes just like Hercules.

(She giggles and waves, leaving Sora's smile to falter)

Sora: "Keep training"? Is it that obvious?

Donald: Just for you.

Sora: Hey!

Goofy: I think we all have a ways to go. But we'll get there together!

Sora: Yeah, we will.

(Donald gives a sheepish look. On their way out of the Gardens, another 
meteor destroys a tower in the city. Pasing through an Alleyway, they 
enter the destroyed building and find Hercules stopping it from crashing 
onto a family inside)

Sora: Herc!

Hercules: Sora!

(The trio runs in as the building continues to erode. Hercules struggles to 
hold it as debris rains down on all sides, sending up swirls of dust. The 
exit collapses)

Donald: Nooo!

(Heartless surround the terrified family)

Sora: More Heartless!

Hercules: You take them. We need to save these people!

(Sora runs up and summons his Keyblade)

Sora: Herc, can you hold the building?

Hercules (grunting): No problem!

Sora: Donald. Goofy. We gotta do this quick!

(The trio make quick work of the Heartless while Herc shouts words of 
encouragement until his strength starts to waver)

Hercules (urgently): Get the people out!

Sora: Okay!

(They run over to the three Olympians)

Sora: Are you guys all right? You need to get to safety.

Goofy: Hurry, hurry!

Sora: Go! Quickly!

(As they run out a hole in the wall, Sora pauses, worried as Hercules 
begins to falter. Rounding the corner the ground starts to shake as the 
building collapses. Huddling together, Goofy summons his shield as a 
dust cloud blasts toward them. They look up as the last of the fallen 
rocks trickle to the ground. Goofy dispels his shield as Sora walks 
toward the rubble)

Sora, Donald & Goofy: Hercules!

(Facing no response, the trio frowns before hearing footsteps. A large 
figure walks out of the cloud of dust, the hero himself coming into view. 
Hercules dusts off his armor and they exclaim joyfully. Herc brushes his 
chin with a  sigh of relief)

Sora: You scared us!

Hercules: It's nothing. That's what these are for.

(Herc flexes his biceps. Goofy chuckles and he and Donald mimic Herc. 
They hear a portal open and a familiar, though unwanted, face steps 
through, peering at them through his yellow eye)

?????? (clapping): Oh, wow! Very nice, full marks.

Donald: Go away!

Goofy: No Organization!

Sora: You're Xigbar!

Xigbar: All this altruism is giving me the warm and fuzzies. So then, 
does having a heart of light come with an extremely good insurance policy?

Sora: Just say what you mean.

Xigbar: Oh, but I did though. No good will ever come from putting other 
people first.

Hercules: I was able to save Meg's life because I was ready to risk my own.

Xigbar: Because you've got friends in high places, you mean. Tricks like 
that don't fly for your average joe.

(Hercules is speechless)

Sora: What do you know? You weren't even there! If you were, you'd admire 
Herc's courage.

Xigbar: I don't admire one guy leaping into danger if it means someone 
else might have to jump in to save him. You're all just lining up to lose 
out. Dooming others to take the fall with ya. Oh, and you can spare me the 
usual party line. Yes, hearts are powerful when they're connected. But if 
you put too much of that power in one place, some of those hearts might 
end up breaking.

(He points toward Sora)

Xigbar: Still, Sora, that doesn't mean you should change. Accept the power 
you're given. Find the hearts joined to yours.

Sora: Why would I ever take advice from YOU?

Xigbar: As if! You don't have any choice but to follow this sweet little 
trail of bread crumbs. And at the end, you'll finally realize what destiny 
has in store for you. In fact, your reward might be right around the 
corner. You're so close!

(Xigbar walks away from them, laughing to himself, and vanishes)

Sora: Hearts breaking? Whose hearts?

Hercules: Sora, don't let him bother you. He's just trying to get under 
your skin 'cause he thinks he can. But we'll prove him wrong. We'll show 
him that our sacrifices haven't been for nothing.

(Sora's face brightens)

Sora: You're right.

Goofy: Mm-hmm! Besides, we're already proof enough!

Donald: We're a team! When we're together, we can do anything!

Sora: Yeah!

(They continue walking along, before Sora stops, gazing at the spot 
where Xigbar disappeared)

Sora: ...What reward?

(Heading further into the city, they blast through a small aqueduct, 
finding a large group of Heartless near the plaza fountain being led 
by a Rock Troll Heartless. They defeat the monstrous being and its 
tiny underlings when Pegasus returns carrying Meg and Phil. He lands 
with a winny, tucking his wings to the side)

Meg: Nice job, Wonderboy.

(Herc puts a fist on his hip)

Meg: We checked the whole area. It looks like everyone's safe.

(Pegasus nods)

Hercules: That's great. We did what we could.

Meg: You heroes have been busy little bees.

(Sora, Donald and Goofy smile excitedly, eliciting a small laugh from 
Megara. Pegasus alerts them to something up ahead. Phil peers over Meg's 
shoulder)

Meg: Oh... Look. More trouble!

(Ominous dark clouds swirl over Mount Olympus)

Hercules: It's Hades.

(Sora nods to both Donald and Goofy in turn)

Sora: Herc! Let's go!

Hercules: Right!

(Pegasus takes flight as the party makes their way toward the mountain. 
They travel across a ravine and ascend its steep cliffs. As they get 
closer to the summit, huge tremors shake the ground beneath them)

Goofy: This sure does feel awfully familiar...

Sora: Yeah, just like before.

Hercules: Guys, this is getting worse by the minute. I hope I'm wrong, 
but my family may need me.

(He whistles into the sky and Pegasus swoops in, landing next to Herc)

Hercules: Sora, I'm gonna fly ahead.

(Pegasus nods)

Hercules: You've been a big help, but...leave the rest to me.

Sora: Family?

(Hercules mounts his friendly steed)

Hercules: Yeah. Dad's king of the gods.

(He takes off before they can respond)

Sora, Donald & Goofy: Whaaat?!

Sora: His father is a god? But doesn't that mean Herc is a god too?

Goofy: I think it does.

Donald: No wonder he's so strong!

Goofy: Then he'll be okay.

Donald: Won't he?

Sora: No. Organization XIII's here. He'll need our help.

Goofy: Good point. We gotta go!

Donald (looking ahead): 'Cause heroes never quit.

(Sora thinks back to what Hercules told him earlier)

Hercules: Hmm...that's tough. All I know is that she was in trouble. 
Suddenly, I wanted to save her with all my heart...

Sora: We fight with all our heart.

(He looks determined)

Sora: C'mon!

(The three of them continue forward, when a loud boom shakes the ground. 
They look over to see part of the mountain moving)

Donald & Goofy: Titan!

(The colossal Rock Titan tosses a gigantic boulder over the mountainside. 
The trio run away as it crashes, splitting into pieces. One rock blocks 
the exit back down the mountain. The tension is palpable as Sora races 
up the sharp walls dodging barrages of rocks thrown by the Rock Titan. 
One huge boulder strikes the cliff next to him, sending a rock slide 
over the edge, just a foot away. As they get closer, they enter the dark 
clouds and their view of the sun is obstructed. The Titan sees them 
getting nearer and stomps a foot against the precipice, causing a torrent 
of boulders in Sora's direction. With some quick footwork, he leaps 
from rock to rock, quickening his pace to the summit. A lit flame guides 
their way forward through a cave further ahead where they see flashes of 
light, proof that they have reached the thick of the storm clouds. 
Fighting Heartless in their path, the rain beats down in currents and 
lightning strikes the area around them. The Rock Titan, illuminated by 
the bolts in the air, hones in on the Keyblade wielder, sending a personal 
gift in his direction. It strikes just past his face, breaking the 
mountainside and blocking off the cave. For all the Titan's attempts, 
they succeed in reaching the Rock Titan. They strike at its feet, dodging 
when it tries to stomp them until cracks begin to show, causing the 
monster to fall against the mountain with a growl. With the Titan nearly 
motionless, they ascend their gigantic foe, striking at the two heads on 
its bulky body. Rain continues to pour as a power emerges from Sora in 
the shape of an illuminated train on magical roller coaster tracks. The 
trio ride in the train cars as sparks fly from the chimney of the Mountain 
Coaster. The Rock Titan attempts to punch the incoming train, but Sora 
sends a barrage of fireworks at the monster. The Titan howls and careens 
off the side of the mountain, tumbling all the way down. The three watch 
it fall)

Sora: Yes! That's one down!

Goofy: They're not so tough by themselves.

Donald: That one was dumb as a rock.

Sora: Okay! What's next?

(They follow the pathway ahead, following a cave to escape the storm. 
Bursting through a pile of rocks, they enter a bright light, finding a 
grand stairway into the clouds. Their spirits lightened, they rush up 
the stairs to a golden door and enter the Realm of the Gods)

Sora: Whoa! Is this...Olympus?

Goofy: Gawrsh, it's amazing!

(Trumpets sound suddenly, startling them)

Donald: The fanfare?

Sora: Nope!

(They summon their weapons as Heartless appear. Above the Cloud Ridge, 
Hercules demolishes Heartless aboard his trusty steed, flying toward 
the Apex. Hades has trapped Zeus, the king of the gods, in a cone of 
rock with the powers of the Ice and Lava Titans)

Zeus: I swear to you, Hades, when I get out of th--

(The lava reaches above Zeus's head and Hades summons a dark throne to 
sit and watch his handiwork)

Hades: No, I'm the one giving orders now, bolt boy.

(He sits back with a smirk)

Hercules (calling): Don't get too comfortable, Hades!

(Hades sits at alert and looks around)

Hades: Huh?

(Hercules flies in with his sword)

Sora: We're gonna stop you!

Hades: What?!

(He turns to the gates of the Apex, where Sora, Donald and Goofy brandish 
their weapons. Hercules looks down to see the other gods of Olympus in 
chains and swoops down, releasing them with his sword. Hades growls, 
bursting into red flames)

Hades (pointing): Get them!

(The Lava, Ice and Tornado Titans approach the trio)

Hercules: Sora, Donald, Goofy!

(Herc jumps down off of Pegasus and joins them)

Hercules: It's on!

Sora, Donald & Goofy: Yeah!

(They ascend the hardened lava cone to get a better vantage point of 
the Lava and Ice Titans while the Tornado Titan swirls in the wind 
around them. The Lava Titan sends out a barrage of molten liquid towards 
Sora, who dodges on the Ice Titan's side of the cone. After dealing the 
Ice Titan a blow to the face, it strikes back with a blizzard of icy 
breath in their direction. The Tornado Titan explodes in a gust of heavy 
wind, knocking the group back to the ground, making it hard to get back 
up. Combining their efforts, the Lava Titan glows red, spewing a rush of 
lava toward them as the Ice Titan focuses its energy into a beam of ice. 
Dodging upwards, they reascend the cone to continue their assault. Hercules 
grabs onto Sora's legs and spins him around like a top, using the Keyblade 
to strike at the two Titans until the Ice and Lava Titans collapse with 
exhaustion. The Tornado Titan moves in)

Sora: Just one Titan left!

(The Tornado Titan wiggles through the air, facing its vortex toward the 
group. Large pieces of debris from Thebes sail out in their direction. 
Sora dodges the flying rubble, sending spells at the whirlwind, until the 
Titan tries another approach. Branching out from its main funnel cloud, 
it aims two smaller vortices at the group, sending them high into the 
seemingly endless sky. As they fall from such a height, the Titan spits 
out more ruins toward them along with burning lava sludge and sharp ice 
crystals. Successfully dodging the barrage, Sora strikes right between 
the glowing red eyes of the Titan. Suddenly, the Rock Titan bursts through 
the clouds below with an enormous bellow. The group is surrounded, 
causing worry to grow on Donald and Goofy's faces) 

Goofy: Uh-oh! Now it's all four of them.

Sora: So what? There are four of us too.

Hercules: Actually, I think I can make it five.

(Hercules leaps to the top of the cone, attempting to pry open the 
hardened rock with his hands. With a great struggle and a burst of 
light, Zeus emerges from the open stone)

Hades: Nooo!

Zeus (smiling): Thank you, my boy.

Sora: Yeah!

(The trio rejoice and Zeus conjures a trove of lightning bolts)

Zeus (excitedly): Hah! Now, watch your old man work!

(He readies his arm and tosses a bolt at the Rock Titan, splintering 
rock from both of its heads. The Lava and Ice Titan start to head-tail 
with the other Titans following, one of the Rock Titan's heads covering 
its face. The Tornado Titan passes Hercules and he gets an idea. Running 
alongside the Titan, Herc manages to grab the tail end of the funnel. 
Spinning it, he swings the head of the vortex toward the other three 
Titans, who get sucked up into the cyclone. With a final hurl, Hercules 
sends the tornado flying into space causing a brilliant explosion. Zeus 
and Herc laugh and exchange a high-five.)

Goofy: We did it!

(Sora, Donald and Goofy share their own high-fives as Hades glares at them)

Hades: I can't believe it! I put eighteen years into that plan and you've 
blippin' ruined it! I REALLY don't like you.

(He points at them)

Sora: Just give it up already! You'll never beat Herc, no matter how many 
times you try.

Goofy: Yeah, stay in the Underworld where ya belong.

Donald: Go have the time of your afterlife.

(Hades trembles with anger)

Hades: Enough already! I did not come this far to be ridiculed by Zeusy 
high and mighty, his little sunspot, and a trio of clowns!

(He bursts into red flames)

Hades: You know what? I'll just go ahead and destroy you!

Hercules: Hades. 

(Hades stops, turning his head slowly toward Herc)

Hercules (motioning): The exit is that way.

(He looks back in the trio's direction and turns blue again with a sigh)

Hades: Oy vey... Geez Louise...

(He slowly starts walking toward the gate)

Hercules: Hold on. I almost forgot.

(Hades stops and turns back, before getting a knuckle sandwich in the face)

Hercules: That one's for trying to wreck Thebes.

(Hades clutching a hand to his face from his spot on the floor)

Hades: You'll pay for this! I have a very, VERY long memory!

(He summons a portal in the form of clouds of smoke)

Hades: I can still dunk your little Nut-Meg in a river of de--

(Zeus chucks a lightning bolt into the portal just as it closes. Later, the 
gates to the Realm of the Gods open and the trio and Hercules run out. Herc 
stops and takes a glance back)

Sora: Are you sure you want to leave all this behind?

Goofy: Isn't Olympus your home?

Donald: And your family.

Hercules: I can see my family anytime I want. If I stayed, I'd have to be 
apart from the person I love most... And that life would be empty.

(He looks at the base of the stairs where Meg is waiting)

Hercules: I finally know where I belong.

(He runs down the stairs)

Meg: Hercules...

(They share an embrace before the trio catches up)

Hercules: Sora, we never got back to your question. Can I help?

(Sora shakes his head)

Sora: Mmm, it's okay. I think I'm meant to figure it out for myself. I'll 
find my strength the way you found yours. Something to fight for...with all 
my heart. I guess you DID have the answer.

Hercules: Well, you've got heart, Sora. Just keep at it and I know you'll 
be stronger than ever.

Sora: Yeah, I might even end up stronger than YOU are.

(Sora strikes a hero pose. Goofy smiles and Donald's face drips with sarcasm)

Donald: There he goes again.

(They break into laughter. Meanwhile in the Gardens of Thebes, Pete has 
been busy digging through the ground while Maleficent oversees the job)

Pete: Are you sure this box with the Book of Prophecies is for reals? I 
think that dingbat in black was pulling your leg.

Maleficent: Be quiet and dig, you imbecile. I must find that Book of 
Prophecies and make it my own. His was the only clue we have. We cannot 
afford to dismiss it without a thorough investigation.

(Pete continues to dig)

Pete: I'm just sayin', a shot in the dark ain't gonna get us any closer to--

(He strikes something solid and looks down)

Pete: Whoa!

Maleficent: What is it? Have you found something? Show it to me at once, 
fool.

(Pete lifts a box from the ground)

Pete: Yes sir-eesy, this has gotta be that Pandora's Box Hades mentioned.

(Maleficent peers at it scornfully)

Maleficent: Leave it.

Pete: What? After all that diggin'?

Maleficent: That is not the box which I desire. We are finished with this 
world. Come.

(She walks away)

Pete: Awwwwww...

(He looks at the box sadly, before tossing it over his shoulder and 
running to catch up with Maleficent. Gazing down at them from above is Xigbar)

Xigbar: May your hear--

(Darkness. A world without light. King Mickey and Riku travel through the 
Realm of Darkness in search of Aqua. Riku stops and Mickey turns back)

Mickey: What's wrong, Riku? Are you tired? Do you need a break? We can stop.

Riku: No, just... I've been here. I should know this place. But that all 
seems like another life.

Mickey: Well, gee. Think of all you've seen! All the feelings you've felt. 
Why, you've done years of growin' in almost no time at all.

Riku: I remember my first time here. I was so scared. But now, my doubts 
and fears are gone. If anything, I feel exhilarated. And it's not because 
there's darkness in me--I know too well what that rush is like. This is 
different. And it's not adrenaline either. I know Aqua needs us...but 
I'm ready. I'm in control now. Maybe it's because you're with me this time.

(Mickey shakes his head)

Mickey: It's not me. I think it's because you've finally found inside you 
that special strength to protect what matters.

Riku: What?

Mickey: Sometimes you care so much for somebody that other feelings 
disappear. And then, there's no room for fear or doubt.

(Riku smiles, looking down at his hand)

Riku: Is that it?

(His thoughts drift to when he first held a Keyblade, when he met Terra 
at dusk on the Destiny Islands)

Riku: "Strength to protect what matters"... It reminds me of a promise 
I made.

Mickey: To who?

Riku: Just someone I once met. Can't tell.

Mickey: Sounds like a good memory.

Riku: Yeah... While we're reminicing--Mickey, does any of this look familiar?

Mickey (looking around): Sort of, but the realm of darkness has changed 
since I was here with Aqua.

Riku: Yeah, it's different from what I remember.

Mickey: Usually, I'd just follow my heart, and Aqua would show me the 
way. But the closer I get, the hazier our connection feels.

Riku: You mean...

Mickey: Maybe, but we can't give up hope.

Riku (nodding): Yeah.

(They continue on to the End of Sea, the Dark Margin, a beach in shadow. 
A light shines from far across the water)

Riku: This beach...

Mickey: It's gone...

Riku: Huh?

Mickey: I'm positive Aqua was here. But now...her trail's gone dim.

Riku: I've been here, too. With Sora.

Mickey: Really?

Riku: This is where we found our way back to the realm of light. Hey, 
maybe Aqua did, too!

(Mickey solemnly shakes his head)

Mickey: Aqua...has fallen into an even darker abyss--somewhere I can't 
see her. And I don't think we're equipped to dive any deeper than we 
already are.

Riku: So then...

(A horde of Shadow Heartless emerge from the dark sand)

Mickey: Oh no!

Riku: What?!

(They summon their Keyblades as the Shadows twitch hungrily)

Mickey: Riku...be careful. Even the least threatening Heartless are 
stronger in this realm.

Riku: I got it.

(The Heartless run past them, gathering into a huge solitary mass, the 
Demon Tower. The pillar of Shadows wriggles in the air and dives into 
the sand near them, scattering the cluster of Heartless across the 
sand. Riku and Mickey strike down several of them before they reform 
into the tower from beneath them, tossing them into the air. After a 
struggle, the tower disperses and the remaining Shadows encircle them)

Mickey: It's not over. Be careful!

(Surging from the ground, the spinning maw of the tower hones in on Riku)

Riku: Oh no!

(Riku holds an arm up to shield himself but is hit head on by the Demon Tower)

Mickey: Riku!

(The tower regains its vertical shape, spinning fiercely with no trace of 
Riku. He floats in darkness with a sensation like drowning, muffling his 
sight and his hearing)

????: Didn't expect to see you again.

Riku: What...?

????: Why did you even come here?

Riku: Because somebody needs me.

????: Do you want some help?

Riku: Who are you?

????: Me? I'm...

(Riku loses consciousness in the abyss. The next moment, he hears the 
sound of the waves)

Mickey: Riku... Wake up... Riku.

(Riku opens his eyes, seeing Mickey's sad face leaning over him. The King's 
eyes brighten into a smile)

Mickey: Are you okay?

(Riku sits up)

Riku: Where'd the Heartless go?

Mickey: I got more than half of 'em, and the rest vanished. But, they spit 
you out first.

(Riku stands, holding his head)

Riku: Thanks. I owe ya.

Mickey: I know ya feel invincible, but we're not.

Riku: Are YOU all right, Mickey?

Mickey: Yeah, thanks to the new gear. But...your Keyblade...

Riku: Oh.

(He look down at the Keyblade in his hand, which has been severed just below 
the winged teeth)

Mickey: The Heartless here are stronger than what we expected. I guess we 
probably should've powered up our Keyblades before we came in here, huh? I 
think we need to go back to Master Yen Sid's tower so we can regroup.

Riku (pausing): But Aqua's...still down here, alone. Facing enemies like 
that.

Mickey: I know...

(Riku walks to the edge of the water)

Riku: What if she's feeling as scared and alone...as I felt the first 
time I came here? How long are we supposed to keep her waiting in this 
awful place?

(Mickey walks up to him)

Mickey: But Aqua... She's like Sora.

Riku (stunned): Whaaat!?

Mickey: No no no... STRONG like Sora!

(Riku breathes a sigh of relief)

Riku: Okay... Good. Then I guess she's gonna be all right. Sora could 
fall into any darkness and swim his way out.

Mickey: Besides, we won't be long.

Riku: Right.

(Riku walks forward and plants his Keyblade into the sand)

Mickey: Huh?

Riku: Can't use THIS Keyblade anymore. Might as well leave it here...
for the other me.

Mickey: Wha...?

(Meanwhile, Sora, Donald, and Goofy revisit Master Yen Sid in his tower)

Yen Sid: I see... You could not regain your strength.

Sora: Aw, no biggie. I still learned a lot.

Yen Sid: Regardless, Sora, you will need the power of waking.

(Sora crosses his arms with a loud sigh)

Goofy: It can't be gone forever. Maybe something'll trigger it real soon.

Sora: Like, what exactly?

Donald: I know! How about a bonk on the head?

Sora: Hey!

(Sora and Donald have a staredown)

Yen Sid: Perhaps it could be something that is as simple as that.

Sora: Wait, YOU think so too?

Yen Sid: Whenever you are in need, magic happens. That is your greatest 
strength, Sora.

Sora: You make it sound like an accident.

(Sora slumps over and Donald and Goofy laugh, before they hear a knock 
at the door)

Sora: Huh?

Mickey: We're back, Master!

(The door opens and Mickey and Riku enter)

Sora (pointing): Whoa!

Mickey: Oh, wow. You guys are all here!

Sora: We were here before, but you didn't wait.

(Donald and Goofy each knock Sora aside to get to Mickey, causing him 
to fall over)

Donald & Goofy: Your Majesty!

Mickey: Hey there, fellas. So, what've you three been up to?

(Sora stands up, shaking off the fall and runs up)

Sora: We were visi--

(Donald and Goofy push him back to the floor)

Donald: We went to Olympus to visit Hercules!

Goofy: And to figure out how to get all of Sora's lost powers back.

Donald (whispering to Mickey): But...it was a big disappointment.

Mickey: Oh. What a shame. But, honestly...

Riku: We didn't fare any better.

Goofy: Did ya manage to figure out where Aqua is? 'Cause Master Yen Sid 
said that's why you fellas left.

Donald: Even a hint?

(Riku and Mickey enchange glances, before the King's face turns sad. Sora 
sits up on the floor)

Sora: Come on. Can I finally say something?

Riku: We know Master Aqua made it as far as the beach that Sora and I 
once visited, but that's where her trail ends.

(Sora stands back up and joins them)

Sora: Meaning...?

Mickey: All traces of her vanish into the great abyss...beneath the realm 
of darkness.

Donald: She's gone?

Riku: No. Sora was dragged into the abyss during his exam. And I went in 
after him. So, I think if we find someone who was really close to Aqua, 
and they make the dive, they could reach her down there.

(Mickey shakes his head sorrowfully)

Mickey: I'm not sure who's even left to ask. Ventus is hidden...and Aqua's 
the only one who knows where. Plus, nobody's seen Terra in ages. Aqua was 
the last.

Riku: So Aqua--she's gonna be the key to finding all three.

Yen Sid: Yes. Their teacher, Master Eraqus, would have been another 
possibility, had Xehanort not mercilessly struck him down.

(Yen Sid closes his eyes pensively and Sora places a hand over his heart)

Sora: I'll save her.

(Donald and Goofy jump in surprise)

Riku & Mickey: Huh?

Donald: You can't!

Goofy: But Sora, that's gonna be super hard since you don't have the 
power of waking.

Sora: Huh? Sorry... I have no idea why that just popped out.

Mickey: Well, it was pretty convincing.

Riku: Yeah, better not let us down.

(Sora nods)

Yen Sid: Sora, you must focus on regaining your lost power of waking. 
Mickey and Riku, I recall that Master Aqua journeyed to many worlds, 
and connected with others who could be the link we need.

Mickey: Good plan, sir. Riku and I will retrace her steps and see if 
we can find any sort of clues, but first...

(Mickey walks up to Yen Sid's desk)

Yen Sid: Hmm?

Mickey: We got hit pretty hard in the realm of darkness. My Keyblade was 
damaged, and the Heartless broke Riku's clean in half. So, we're gonna 
need to get replacements before we can continue.

Yen Sid: In that case, rendezvous with Kairi and Lea. They are 
continuing their training under the tutelage of the wizard Merlin.

(Mickey & Riku bow)

Mickey: Yes, sir.

Yen Sid: Also, I would like you to deliver these for me.

(He waves a hand over the table and two briefcases appear, one black & 
pink and one red)

Mickey: Are they...

Yen Sid: Yes, they are the same as the ones I gave you. Special 
vestments to shield Kairi and Lea from the darkness.

Mickey: We got 'em.

(Riku and Mickey take them in hand)

Sora (whining): What? No fair! What about my outfit, Master?

Donald: Sora, don't bug him like that. It's inconsiderate.

Yen Sid: Settle down. I have new clothes for you, too, Sora.

Sora (excitedly): Yeah?

Yen Sid: A gift from the good fairies.

(Sora laughs and Yen Sid appearifies a third briefcase)

Sora: I knew you'd come through for me. Thanks!

(Sora runs up to the table)

Yen Sid: Those are no ordinary garments, Sora.

(Sora picks it up, upside down)

Yen Sid: Like before, they have very special powers, so it took extra 
time to prepare them. In addition, there is a gift from Chip and Dale 
inside.

(Sora turns the case the right way and grabs the handle with glee)

Sora: Cool. Okay!

(He slings it over his shoulder)

Riku: Happy now?

Sora: Yup!

Yen Sid: Now, you are all ready to proceed.

(A small cricket in a top hat jumps onto the table, carrying the 
smallest of umbrellas)

Jiminy Cricket: Hey, wait! Don't forget about me!

Sora, Donald & Goofy: Jiminy!

Jiminy: Every journey worth goin' on needs a cricket to keep track of 
it. And I can't let ya start this one without ol' Jiminy Cricket by 
your side.

Goofy: The whole team's back!

Sora: Yeah.

Donald: Yeah!

Yen Sid: Good. Now, to mark the beginning of a new journey, I wish for 
you to have this, Sora.

(The sorcerer waves his hand and a purple crest appears in Sora's hand)

Sora: Okay?

Yen Sid: That is a Heartbinder. Think of it as a good luck charm made 
just for you. You have a gift, Sora, for connecting with others, and 
this makes that gift stronger.

(Sora holds the crest tight)

Mickey: It's time to go!

(The group of them stand at attention and bow)

Yen Sid (whispering): May your heart be your guiding key.

(Sora, Donald and Goofy huddle to themselves)

Goofy: See?

(Sora and Donald agree. Sora, Donald, Goofy & Jiminy leave the 
Mysterious Tower in their trusty Gummi Ship. Sora sits back in his chair 
as the ship chugs along)

Donald: Okay, where to?

Sora: Ummmmmm...

Donald: Oh, come on. Would you get serious?

Sora: Gimme a break, okay? I told you. These things take time.

Goofy: Gawrsh, is it just me, or is this turning into a routine?

(A quiet musical tune erupts inside the cockpit, surprising them)

Donald: Huh? What?

(They look around for the source of the noise. Jiminy holds a hand to his ear)

Jiminy: It's comin' from you, Sora!

Sora: Huh?

(He searches his pockets and pulls out a device with the King's symbol 
on it. The icon of a telephone ringing is displayed on the screen)

Sora: What's this?

(Donald and Goofy walk to Sora's chair to get a closer look)

Donald: Got me! Make it stop.

(Sora puts it to his ear and shakes it)

Sora: But, I don't know how. Maybe...this.

(He presses the green button on the screen and an video of Dale appears)

Dale: Hurray! He picked up.

Sora: Huh? Dale?

Dale (calling off-screen): Hey, Chipper, I finally got him! Hurry up, Chip!

(Chip runs into view)

Chip: Well, it's about time.

Sora: Chip?

Dale: Ya gotta answer the phone, Sora, or we can't give ya updates. We 
got lots and LOTS of important stuff we want to tell ya!

(Chip and Dale speak into their own phone situated on the desk in the 
Library of Disney Castle)

Chip: That's why we asked Master Yen Sid to make sure you got this 
Gummiphone we made ya. So we'd be able to stay in touch with you at all 
times.

(Dale nods, making a rectangle with his tiny fingers)

Dale: AND it takes pictures.

(Jiminy jumps onto Sora's shoulder)

Jiminy: Oh! You finally finished it. Say, with this Gummiphone, we can 
talk to each other across worlds. In fact, I might even try writing my 
journal on it.

Sora: Wow! Sounds like it's pretty handy, guys. So, what's so important?

Chip: This! Back when you and Riku quested through the Sleeping Worlds, 
Riku recovered some secret research data that Ansem the Wise hid inside you.

Dale: Ansem's Code!

Chip: Mm-hmm. We've been workin' our tails off tryin' to crack it and 
see what it says.

(The video switches to a young man in a lab coat with long gray hair 
obscuring half of his face)

?????: The data has been encrypted, so we've only deciphered some of it.

Sora: Huh?

(The man stands at the computer terminal inside Ansem's Study in Radiant 
Garden)

?????: Oh... I guess we haven't spoken since the castle. I'm Ienzo. 
Aeleus is here too.

(Aeleus walks behind Ienzo silently. He narrows his eyes and stops)
Ienzo: Aeleus, whatever's between you and Roxas, it's in the past.

(Aeleus continues walking and Ienzo sighs, turning back to the phone)

Ienzo: Sora, the reason we're here is because you and your friends 
defeated our Nobodies, thereby "recompleting" us. We cast off our hearts 
by choice, make no mistake, but we didn't know that Xemnas--or rather, 
Xehanort--was deceiving us.

Sora: Huh? Xemnas?

Goofy (hotly): Aw, he's with them!

Ienzo: Not anymore. Xemnas and Xehanort have no hold over us now. We're 
just students of the heart, exactly the same as we were before all of 
this began.

Donald: Yeah, right.

Goofy: Hmm... But ya know, now that I think about it, Axel's on our 
side now.

(Donald crosses his arms, his eyes narrowing)

Ienzo: We have friends we want to bring back to this world, just the 
same as you. To do that, we have to work together. In that spirit, Sora...

(He presses a key on the computer terminal)

Ienzo: ...we found some intriguing data in the bit of code we deciphered.

(A digital readout of Sora and his Keyblade appear on the D.T.D. screen)

Sora: Is it about me?

Ienzo: Yes. In order to piece your memories back together, our teacher, 
Ansem the Wise, look a close look at your heart. And what he found...

(Half of Sora's model on the screen flashes, bringing up red data windows)

Ienzo: ...is that your heart doesn't belong just to you.

Donald, Goofy & Jiminy: It doesn't?

Goofy: Gawrsh, you don't seem surprised.

Sora: Yeah. Honestly, I suspected as much. There's another heart inside 
mine. I think it's Roxas's. Just like Namin is still inside Kairi's.

Ienzo: Interesting... Well, no one knows your heart better than you.

(Ienzo taps his finger against the terminal)

Ienzo: To be honest, we still have a plethora of questions on our side, 
but...the idea has merit. It's incredible enough that you and your 
Nobody are able to coexist. If you share a heart...no wonder someone 
as remarkable as you caught Ansem the Wise's eye. We'll keep investigating 
based on your hypothesis. I'll be in touch.

(Ienzo ends his side of the call, and it switches back to Chip and Dale)

Dale: Okeydokey, we'll give you fellas a ring if there's anything else. 
Remember, me and Chip, the guys at Radiant Garden, and King Mickey and 
everybody are never far away.

Chip: And Jiminy, would ya do us a favor? Teach Sora how to use the 
Gummiphone.

Jiminy: Leave it to me.

(The call ends and Jiminy hops down)

Sora: I have to find Roxas and save him. The others are following Aqua's 
heart, so I'll follow Roxas's heart!

(Donald, Goofy & Jiminy nod)

Goofy: Trust the guidance that your heart gives ya, Sora. That's what 
Master Yen Sid said.

Donald: Where to?

Sora (smiling): Oh, that's easy.

(He holds out his hand and summons the Keyblade, aiming it out before 
him with a flash)

KINGDOM HEARTS III

(The group voyages across the Ocean Between and find their destination, 
a sleepy village of eternal sunset, Twilight Town. They walk casually 
down Market Street toward the Tram Common, passing clothing and 
accessory shops)

Goofy: Gawrsh, we forgot to fill Master Yen Sid in on what happened. 
Should we go back?

Donald: Typical Sora.

Sora: Hmm... You mean about Maleficent and Xigbar? No, the others 
have already got enough on their plates as it is. Why go stressing them 
out? The three of us know how to handle a couple of old adversaries, right?

Donald: Yeah, I guess...

Goofy: But doesn't that thing Pete said bother ya?

Donald: The black box?

Sora: Come on, we're talking about Pete. That means it's probably no big deal.

Goofy: I don't know...

(The tram passes in front of them, its trolley bell ringing)

Sora: Oh, cool. The trams are still here!

Donald: Sora, it hasn't been THAT long.

Sora: Feels like it.

Goofy: Maybe you're feeling what Roxas feels 'cause he misses home.

Sora: Mm-hmm. Actually, I ran into Roxas in the Sleeping Worlds. It was 
like...seeing into his heart for the first time.

Donald: And he was in the datascape, too.

Goofy: Uh-huh. It was a test to see if your data version was ready to 
face the hurt that ya carry inside.

Sora: Was I ready? I do know hurt. When I lost Riku and Kairi, and later 
when I lost the Keyblade, and you guys had to go on without me like that... 
Having no one to turn to was the worst kind of hurt. But that just shows 
how much you mean to me. Carrying around a little hurt can't be all that 
bad. Hurting is part of caring.

(Donald and Goofy share a glance)

Donald: He sounds like Data-Sora did.

Goofy: Of course. Any Sora's still Sora.

Sora: So wait... If Roxas feels something, then we're in the right place. 
Roxas, I'm gonna find you!

(Sora hears a voice, or rather, the words appear in his head)

????: Do you seek our liege?

Sora (stunned): Huh?

Donald: What is it?

(Three Dusk Nobodies appear behind Sora)

Goofy: Nobodies!

(Sora whirls around and summons the Keyblade as more appear. The fight 
the Dusks in the street until not a single one stands)

Sora: Hmm... What was that voice? I know I heard it.

Donald: I didn't hear it.

Goofy: You sure it wasn't the wind? Or somethin' else?

Sora: I'm pretty sure...

??????: Where'd they come from?!

??????: Get the ice cream later!

?????: What? Hold up!

Sora: See? Voices.

(Goofy scratches his head)

Sora: ...New ones?

(Sora spins around to see a familiar trio running in from around a corner)

Sora: What? Hayner? Pence! Olette!

(The three continue running as a monstrous wave of Shadow Heartless rushes 
in from behind them)

Goofy: What is THAT?!

(The wave gains ground on them as Hayner notices the group)

Hayner: Heeey! Sora!

(They run right past them as Sora watches)

Hayner: Hello, good-bye.

Sora: Go! We got this.

(The trio takes out their weapons as the wave spirals into the air as if 
facing them down. Sora provides several good hits on the flying swarm as 
Donald uses his magic spells, Goofy providing defense, until the Demon 
Tide flies off into the sky and away from them. Hayner, Pence, and Olette 
walk back over once the coast is clear)

Hayner: Nice fightin'! Thanks, Sora.

Sora: Hayner, Pence, Olette. It's been ages!

Hayner: What? It hasn't been THAT long.

Donald: Ya see?

Olette: Donald! Goofy! How are ya?

Donald: We're good.

Goofy (waving): Howdy there, Olette.

Pence: So does this mean that weird stuff's going down again?

Hayner (leaning in): You kidding, Pence? When have we ever seen a 
tornado of shadowy blobs before? It's not "weird." This is 
underprecedented.

Pence: Hmm, I guess it is. The creatures from the last time were bright 
white. These things must be new. Man, I can't wait to get to sleuthin'.

Olette: We're already done with the school project, silly. (to Sora) 
Whatever's going on, you wouldn't be here unless you had a good reason.

Hayner: Which is?

Sora: Well, actually, we're looking for Roxas.

Olette: Roxas?

(Hayner thinks)

Hayner: That's funny... I don't know any Roxas, but the name sounds 
familiar.

Pence: Maybe we bumped into him somewhere.

Donald: Uh, that's one way to put it.

Goofy: Actually, he mighta been friends with another version of ya.

(Goofy pulls out a photo of Hayner, Pence, Olette and Roxas standing 
in front of the Old Mansion, and hands it to Hayner)

Olette: This photograph...

Pence: Yeah. We've got the same one.

(Pence pulls out his photo, where Roxas is missing, and Hayner remembers)

Hayner: Oh yeah! The other Twilight Town!

(They compare the two)

Pence: It's like one of those "spot the differences" puzzles...except 
really easy. I guess in that town, we're friends with this "Roxas" person.

Hayner: Sora, let us help you track Roxas down.

Sora: Really?

Hayner: Sure, he seems like a pretty cool guy.

Sora (chuckling): Yeah. He is.

Pence: Great. Then let's all go ask around town. If alternate-us knew 
Roxas, then maybe alternate-other folks did too.

Olette: Mm-hmm. Sora, you three should go to the place in the photo. It's 
the old mansion. The three of us'll cover places in town.

Sora: Thanks. Oh yeah! I got this phone thingy that takes pictures.

(Sora pulls out the Gummiphone)

Sora: Want to snap a photo while we're all here?

Hayner: Sure!

Pence: That's a great idea!

(Everybody stands together in a pose)

Pence: Wait, who's taking it?

(Hayner, Sora & Donald share a bemused look. Hayner and Sora look at 
Donald. A moment later, Sora poses with Hayner, Pence and Olette while 
Donald holds the camera)

Donald: Aww! Why do I have to do it?

Sora: Hey, tough luck. You drew the short straw.

Goofy: It's okay. I'm sittin' outta the photo with ya, Donald.

Donald: Then YOU take the photograph!

(Donald shoves the phone into Goofy's hands and rejoins the group with 
a huff)

Goofy: Everybody smile. A-hyuck!

(Goofy snaps the photo and they see the result on the screen)

Pence: Wow, that came out great!

Olette: Oh! A lucky emblem.

(She points at a symbol made of the circles on the wall behind her in the 
photo)

Sora: Lucky emblem?

Olette: Oh yeah, they are HUGE right now. Supposedly, these things are 
hidden all over town. And if you get a picture of them, they'll bring 
you good luck.

(Sora, Donald & Goofy are impressed)

Sora: Cool! Wait. Look, guys! Is that...

(Sora points to the emblem, showing Donald and Goofy, whose eyes widen)

Goofy: You're right! I see it too.

Donald: Is it the King?

(Sora gives a small laugh)

Sora: I knew it.

Olette: Good luck, because they're not all this easy to find.

Hayner: Okay, we better start asking around. You start by checking 
the old mansion. We'll catch up.

Sora: Got it.

(Sora, Donald and Goofy make their way out of town through the woods. 
Walking down the beaten path, they come upon a trail of fruit)

Donald: What's that?

(Goofy looks up, seeing a small group of Powerwild Heartless in the trees)

Goofy: Heartless!

Sora: What do ya think they're up to?

(Goofy looks closer and sees a tiny rat trapped up in the tree)

Goofy (pointing): Look! On that branch. The Heartless have him surrounded!

Sora: Oh no!

Donald: Let's help!

Sora: Yeah!

(They summons their weapons and the Heartless jump down to fight. Once 
the Powerwilds are taken care of, the rat scurries down the tree toward them)

Sora: Well, take care.

(They start to walk away, leaving the rat alone with the multitude of 
fruit, some even bigger than himself. The rat sighs and runs in their 
direction. He latches onto Sora by his shoe and crawls up to his head. 
He grabs two tufts of Sora's hair and jerks them back towards the fruit. 
Sora spins uncontrollably and starts walking back the way they came, 
making very exaggerated movements)

Sora: Wh-what is--

(Donald and Goofy stop and watch)

Donald: Are you okay?

(Sora stops at an apple and the rat moves his hair downward, causing Sora 
to pick up the fruit)

Goofy: Lookie! That little feller's parked on your head.

(The rat turns Sora around)

Sora: Huuuh?

(He pulls Sora's hair upward...)

Sora: Would you cut that--

(...and then downward, picking up another apple)

Donald: Sora, you've been hijacked.

Goofy: Ya know, maybe he wants you to pick up the fruit for him.

(The rat nods, smiling)

Sora: Okay, that's fine. But I can do it by myself.

(The rat hops off Sora's head down to his hand, standing on the apple)

Sora: I just need to collect the fruit?

(The rat nods again)

Sora: Right, then.

(Moments later, the fruit is gathered into a nice big pile. Sora, Donald 
and Goofy kneel down to the rat's level)

Sora: So, what're you gonna do with all this, anyway?

(The rat makes a slicing, then swiping motion with his tiny, little arms)

Sora: Huh?

(The three exchange glances of confusion and the rat sighs)

Sora (standing): Well, okay. You be careful going home.

(They walk away)

Donald: Bye-bye!

Goofy: See ya 'round!

(The rat watches them leave, then turns back to his pile of fruit. After 
exiting the woods, the trio reach the Old Mansion. Sora looks up at the 
white curtains blowing in the window and gets a major surge of nostalgia. 
For a moment, it is not Sora looking up at the curtains, but Roxas. In 
the blink of an eye, Sora snaps out of it, feeling a sense of loss)

Sora: Whaddaya think, guys? This place is even creepier than I remember.

Goofy: Well, they do say that this mansion is haunted.

(If Donald's face wasn't already white, it would have turned it, and he 
gives off a shiver. They stare at the door, hesitant to enter when a hand 
reaches for Sora's shoulder)

??????: Hey, there.

(Sora knocks the hand away and screams, causing Donald and Goofy to jump in 
terror. Sora sees Hayner, Pence and Olette have joined them)

Sora: Thanks for the heart attack!

Hayner (smirking): Oh, what? Did I scare you?

Donald (trying to save face): Not a chance!

Olette: Our bad.

Sora: So how did it go? Did ya get any leads?

(Hayner looks toward Pence, who nods)

Pence: Nope, 'fraid not. The asking around thing was a total bust.

Hayner: Yup. This old mansion is our last hope.

(They look up at the mansion)

Olette: You guys ready?

Pence: Another Twilight Town awaits!

Sora: Yeah.

(They enter the mansion, making their way to the basement, where Pence 
spots a computer with numerous screens)

Pence: Here we go!

(He runs to the console and sits down)

Pence: The password was...uh..."sea-salt ice cream," right?

(He types the password into the computer and the D.T.D. screen appears)

Pence: Okay, I'm in. Let's get that transporter working...

(He types another command into the computer, or attempts to, when the 
screen flashes red)

Pence: Uhhh...

(He tries more keys, but only gets access errors and locked data)

Pence: Oh, man. The transporter's been protected.

Sora: Protected from what?

Pence: I guess from us? We can't use it to get to the other Twilight Town.

Hayner (loudly): Why not? It worked before! We sent Sora there!

Pence: Well that was then, and this is now.

Olette: And there's no other way?

Pence: None that I know.

Sora: Great.

(Sora's ringtone goes off in his pocket and he pulls out the Gummiphone. 
He answers the call and Ienzo appears on the screen)

Ienzo: Hello, Sora. You wouldn't happen to be in front of a computer?

Sora: Huh? Well...yeah. But how'd you know that?

Ienzo: I was tinkering with Ansem's computer--you know, to decrypt the 
Code that was left in it? And I noticed that someone had logged in from 
another terminal. I figured it might be you.

Sora (totally getting it): Oh! Yeah, the log terminal.

Donald: You don't know what he said.

Sora (to Donald): Oh, and what, you do?

(Ienzo laughs to himself)

Goofy: I know I haven't got a clue. A-hyuck!

Ienzo: Then, uhh...who was it that logged in?

Pence: Oh, hi there. This is Pence.

(Sora holds the phone up to him)

Pence: I'm the one who logged into the computer.

Ienzo: Good. As long as it's a user that we know we can trust.

Pence: Yup. But, I'm kind of stuck here.

(Hayner crosses his arms impatiently)

Pence: One of the programs is protected, so...I can't run it.

(Hayner sighs impatiently)

Ienzo: Which program?

Hayner (explodes): The transporter to the other Twilight Town!

(His outburst surprises Ienzo)

Hayner: It's the only way to find Roxas. You gotta help us.

Ienzo (processing this): Another Twilight Town? And a "transporter"? 
Okay... A virtual town inside the computer, made of data.

(Jiminy pops out of Sora's hood)

Jiminy: A datascape! Fellas...

Goofy: Mm-hmm, we've seen one. That's what we used once to investigate 
Jiminy's journal.

Ienzo: Maybe I can do something. Pence, let's get a network set up. My 
address here is...

(The time it takes to set up this network mixed with the inherent 
technobabble between Ienzo and Pence, Sora has fallen asleep holding the 
phone. The computer makes a sound through his snoring)

Ienzo: Okay, sharing is enabled.

(Sora awakes with a start)

Sora: Huh? Were you able to fix it?

Ienzo: Now that our two computers have been successfully networked 
together, I can take control of the terminal there and change the 
privileges...

Sora: And Roxas?

Ienzo: Yes. For the virtual world to be completely realized, Ansem the 
Wise would've included Roxas's full data in the construction. Meaning, 
somewhere on your machine there's a log of that data that--

(He pauses, thinking how to translate this into Sora-speak)

Ienzo: Uhh...basically, we can decipher Ansem's Code more quickly, AND 
we can analyze the virtual Twilight Town while we're at it.

Sora: Okay. Great! I can't computer so...do that.

Ienzo: Glad you're following along. Don't worry, we'll handle it. Chip 
and Dale will be helping me out here on this end. I'll call you back as 
soon as we know anything more.

Sora: Thanks.

Ienzo: Oh, before I forget--a bit of troubling news. It's about one of 
the Organization's former members. You knew him as Vexen--but to us he 
was Ansem's apprentice Even. He was recompleted like the rest of us, but 
hadn't regained consciousness yet. Then, sometime after Lea left, Even 
vanished. Aeleus and Dilan--the two you know as Lexaeus and Xaldin--they 
went out looking for him, but...he's just gone. And I'm starting to worry.

Sora: You think he's on THEIR side?

Ienzo: I think it's a real possibility. He's a devious researcher. You 
should be careful.

Sora: All right. Thanks.

(Sora hangs up and pockets the phone)

Hayner: Oh no! We got work! I totally forgot.

(Hayner starts to rush off)

Pence: Really? But what about all this?

Hayner: Hey, both are important. We're gonna need some cash to go to the 
beach. Also, don't forget the pretzels. Gotta buy four now.

(Pence thinks and counts on his fingers)

Pence: Ohh. I get it.

Olette (smiling): He's thinking ahead.

(Pence laughs)

Hayner: Later, Sora!

Sora: Yeah. See ya, Hayner!

(Hayner walks to the entrance and Olette follows)

Olette: Bye, Donald! Goofy!

Donald & Goofy (waving): Good-bye!

Pence: Oh, and since I'm manning the computer here, you guys're in charge 
of earning my share.

Hayner: No pretzel for Pence.

(Olette giggles and the two of them leave)

Pence: Hey!

(Pence sighs, making the trio chuckle. Sora, Donald and Goofy leave the 
mansion)

?????: So, you think you can bring Roxas back?

(Sora turns to see Ansem standing against the wall with his arms crossed, 
looking at them snidely)

Sora: Ansem!

(A corridor of darkness appears next to him and his Nobody persona emerges 
from its depths)

Sora: Xemnas!

Xemnas: Roxas should never have existed in the first place. What you seek 
is impossible.

Sora: Roxas does exist. His heart's inside my heart.

Xemnas: And in the unlikely event you did manage to separate the two, where 
is it you think you can put his heart?

Sora: Well...Roxas used to live in the other Twilight Town, right? So, I'm 
just gonna put him back there.

Ansem: Do you even realize what you are saying? The other Twilight Town is 
just data.

Sora: A heart can live anywhere. Even inside data. There are hearts all 
around us.

Goofy (pensively): Ansem and Xemnas used to be part of the same person, 
right? But look. Now, they exist separately just fine. If they can do it, 
then I don't see any reason why you and Roxas can't find a way.

Sora: Oh...yeah!

Donald: Yeah! You tell 'em, Captain Goofy!

(With newfound exhuberance, they face the two enemies)

Ansem: In that case, by all means.

Xemnas: Nothing would please us more than Roxas's return, of course.

Sora: You wish. He'll never answer to you again.

Xemnas: Still so blind. A Nobody is what's left behind when one gives 
his heart to darkness. There is only one way to bring Roxas back, which 
is for you to give your heart up as well. Sora, have you finally decided 
to call upon the darkness?

(He points directly at Sora)

Sora: What?

Ansem: Go on then. The shadows are never out of reach.

(Ansem smirks as a herd of Neoshadow Heartless appear behind them. Xemnas 
waves his hand and Dusk Nobodies join them. Sora glares at them)

Ansem & Xemnas: Now, set your heart free.

(The two disappear)

Sora: Wait!

Donald & Goofy: Sora!

(The knight and the wizard face the creatures and Sora summons his Keyblade)

Sora: It's not darkness. Not if it helps him!

(Together, the three defeat the Heartless and Nobodies. Donald and Goofy 
regroup once the fighting is done, while Sora stands by himself, silently. 
The two give a sad sigh)

Sora: Herc said... He said, "With all my heart." Okay. Then all my heart 
it is. I'm getting Roxas out.

(He turns to the two of them)

Sora: Are you with me, Donald? Goofy?

Donald & Goofy (brightly): You betcha!

Sora: I don't know what Ansem and Xemnas want, but I think we'd better 
tell the others to watch out.

Donald (nodding): Yeah.

Goofy: Okay then. Let's head back to town.

(Sora nods and they run back through the woods to town, interrupted by 
a familiar voice)

???????: Well, bless my bagpipes! It was YOU laddies who rescued my chef.

(Donald and Goofy stop at the sound of the voice near a plaza where they 
see an elderly duck with a cane, top hat, and glasses. Tucked under one 
arm is a box)

Donald: It's Uncle Scrooge!

(Sora walks back)

Sora: Huh? Wait... Didn't he sell ice cream in Hollow Bastion?

Goofy: That's right. But Uncle Scrooge here's what you might call a world 
traveler.

Sora: Cool.

(Donald runs up to Scrooge McDuck with Sora and Goofy in tow)

Sora: How are ya, Uncle Scrooge?

Scrooge: Oh! Hello, Sora! You're lookin' hale and hearty. I heard ye were 
on another grand adventure with these two. I hope Donald isn't making a 
menace of himself.

(Donald shakes his head in embarassment)

Donald: Aw. Why did you have to say that?

Goofy: So, Uncle Scrooge, what's that you were sayin' about a chef?

Scrooge: Och! Right, right. The chef of me bistro here wanted to show ye 
his appreciation, so he baked this for ye.

(He holds out the box and Sora takes it)

Sora: What is it?

(He opens the box seeing a decadent dessert topped with fruit)

Sora, Donald & Goofy: Wow, cake!

(Scrooge's top hat twitches, getting his attention)

Sora: The whole cake? It's for us?

(The hat twitches some more, puzzling Sora)

Scrooge: Aye, settle down... The chef wants ye to know it's not a cake, 
but a 'tarte aux fruits'.

Goofy: He does?

Scrooge: Why keep it under my hat? May I introduce...

(Scrooge takes off his top hat, revealing the gray rat from earlier, who 
hops down onto the crown of the hat)

Scrooge: Little Chef.

Sora: Oh! It's you!

Donald: Uncle Scrooge, you opened a bistro in Twilight Town?

Scrooge: Aye. It all started a little while ago, when I was enjoying one 
of the best meals of my life.

(Little Chef smiles and nods)

Scrooge: And when I asked to speak to the chef, I met this wee genius.

(Little Chef strikes a confident pose)

Scrooge: As it turns out, he wanted to expand his culinary horizons. So, 
I thought: that's an opportunity. And I financed the whole operation.

(Little Chef mimes cutting, preparing, and serving a dish)

Scrooge: Ooh, I think he wants to cook some more for ye.

(The happy rat smiles eagerly)

Scrooge: Fetch some ingredients. Especially anything unusual.

Goofy: That'll be fun! Kinda like a scavenger hunt.

Scrooge: An' the more the better. The mark of a truly great chef is 
creating masterpieces out of anything. Ye can start right here in town.

Sora: We'll do anything to try more of Little Chef's food.

Donald: Yeah!

(Little Chef scratches his head meekly)

Goofy: That tarte sure did look scrumptiously delicious.

Sora: Okay! The ingredient hunt is on.

(Donald and Goofy nod. After searching town for ingredients, the trio 
return to Le Grand Bistrot)

Hayner: Hey! Guys!

(They turn to see Hayner and Olette running towards them)

Sora: Hayner! Olette!

(Scrooge walks out from behind the three of them)

Hayner: Hey, boss. Done with the posters.

Scrooge: Aye, good work, kids.

Goofy: You guys work for Uncle Scrooge here at the bistro?

Hayner: Umm... Do we?

(He looks over at Olette, who pulls out a poster)

Olette: He gave us a short job putting up these special posters.

(She unravels the black-and-white poster which is titled "Mickey & Sora 
in 'GIANTLAND'" depicting a club-carrying bearded giant, holding up a 
rogue-dressed Mickey Mouse who looks ready to fight)

Olette: Mr. McDuck's hosting an open-air film festival in the courtyard. 
Cool, huh?

(The three gaze at the poster curiously)

Olette: Oh. Sora... Hold your phone up to the poster.

(Sora takes out the Gummiphone)

Sora: 'Kaaay...

(Olette gestures to the scrambled icon in the corner of the poster. Sora 
points the phone's camera at it and it scans the code with a bright sound. 
Olette rolls the poster back up)

Olette: There, you've just downloaded a promo game for the film. You can 
try it later.

(Donald turns to his rich uncle)

Donald: You did all this, Uncle Scrooge?

Scrooge: Of course, laddie. Provide a bit of entertainment, and then give 
folks a nice, cozy place to relax.

(He gestures to the restaurant, pointing at the logo with his cane)

Scrooge: Like me bistro here. They'll all be happy, an' hungry, an' eager 
to spend their money.

(He cackles to himself)

Donald: Uncle Scrooge...

Goofy: Gawrsh, he sure is canny. I always wondered how he keeps customers 
comin' into his businesses over and over.

Sora: Oh, yeah, I'm no business guy, but I sure wouldn't wanna be one of 
Uncle Scrooge's competitors.

Hayner: Seriously.

(Donald, Goofy and Olette laugh)

Sora: Oh! Right. I need to warn you guys.

Hayner: Why?

Sora: Well, those creepy-crawly things might come back for more, so stay 
on your toes.

Hayner: Sure. But don't we have you guys to take care of 'em for us?

(Olette catches on)

Olette: You have to leave AGAIN?

Sora (nodding): Mm-hmm.

Donald: It's our job.

Goofy: But we'll definitely be back.

Hayner: When ya gonna slow down?

Sora: Sorry. Just do me a favor...

Hayner: Well, what is it? Don't make it too tough.

Sora: I know how Roxas feels. To be lost. But Donald and Goofy...Kairi...
brought me back by wishing with all their hearts.

(Donald & Goofy nod)

Sora: So...I was hoping the three of you would do the same, and wish for 
Roxas.

Hayner: What? That's it? (chuckles) That's no favor. We'll all wish. I'm 
wishin'.

Olette: Yeah! Me and Pence too.

Sora (gladly): Thanks.

(On the roof of a nearby building, Ansem and Xemnas watch from above. From 
behind them, a dark portal opens and Xigbar struts out)

Xigbar: Aren't you making it a little too obvious?

Xemnas: We were instructed to guide him.

Ansem: Yes...just look at them. They wouldn't get far if we did not spell 
it out.

Xigbar: Fair enough. But let's not forget how many times Sora still managed 
to rain on our parade.

Ansem: If he wavers from the path we lay, we destroy him.

Xigbar: But in that case...we'll have to find ourselves another vessel.

Xemnas: That is why we never have just one iron in the fire.

(Later, Sora busts through the swinging doors into the kitchen of Le Grand 
Bistrot)

Sora: Is the food ready yet?

(He sees the kitchen empty)

Sora: Huh? He hasn't started?

(Little Chef runs in and crawls up Sora's leg)

Sora: Whoa! Hold on! Hey!

(He reaches Sora's head and grabs onto his hair, same as before. He pulls 
on one tuft of hair and Sora lurches in that direction)

Sora: Oh no!

(He grabs a frying pan in his left hand and a spatula in his right)

Sora: Would you--

(He spins around to face the stove)

Sora: You're gonna make ME cook?

(After a successful cooking experience with Little Chef at the helm, they 
leave Twilight Town hungry for more ingredients and also more worlds. In a 
Secret Forest, Kairi is writing a letter to Sora as the evening sun washes 
over her)

Kairi: I'm sorry I left without saying good-bye. Did Master Yen Sid tell 
you? I'm training to become a Keyblade wielder like you. That's right. No 
more waiting for you to come back from your adventures. I want to get out 
there and do my part to help. Merlin has used his magic to bring us to a 
place where time doesn't matter. We can take as long as we need to complete 
our training. He's an amazing wizard. Oh, and by "us," I mean me and Lea. 
He's really sorry for all the trouble he caused. I told him it's fine, but 
he won't stop apologizing. I'll admit I was a little scared of him at 
first, but I've gotten to know him better. All he ever wanted was to help 
his friend. Honestly, it's hard not to like him. Every now and then, I 
catch him staring at me. When I ask what's wrong, he says, "I'm not sure. 
I think I'm forgetting something. Don't know what." Sora, I think it may 
have something to do with you. Your journey is all about helping people: 
some that you've never met before, and some like Lea that you have. 
They're all counting on you. It won't be easy, but I hope you'll remain 
the happy and cheerful Sora I know. There's no heart your smile can't reach.

(She hears footsteps and look over to see Lea)

Kairi: What's wrong?

(He breaks his stare after a moment and tries to shrug it off, turning away)

Lea: Huh? Nothin', sorry.

Kairi (admonishingly): Lea.

Lea: What? I am.

(He scratches the back of his neck. She giggles, and he sits on a rock 
opposite her as she continues writing)

Lea: A letter?

Kairi: Yup.

Lea: To Sora?

Kairi: Mmm, technically yes. But I won't send it. It's more for me.

Lea: Ask Merlin. He'll deliver it for you.

Kairi: Yeah, but it's okay. I just like talking to Sora, even if it's 
on paper.

(She holds the notepad close)

Lea: Ohh... Okay.

(He remembers something)

Lea: Oh!

(Kairi tilts her head, puzzled. Lea pulls out two sea-salt ice cream bars)

Lea: Here.

Kairi: Ice cream? Really?

Lea: Yeah, I asked Merlin to pick these up.

(Kairi smiles)

Lea: Ya know, we did both summon Keyblades. Gotta celebrate.

(He hands a bar out to Kairi, who take it)

Kairi: You're sweet, Lea.

(Lea chuckles sheepishly)

Lea: Naw...

(Lea watches her take a bite, zoning out again)

Kairi: What?

(He averts his gaze)

Lea: N-nothing, I just...

Kairi: You're trying to remember what you forgot?

Lea: Well, I, uh... Yeah... Yeah.

(He looks out at the sunset as his words trail)

Kairi: So tomorrow--you and me in the ring. You ready?

(The sun starts to get into his eyes)

Lea: 'Course.

Kairi: Don't hold back, Lea. Promise?

(In the glare of the sun, Lea thinks he sees a different girl in Kairi's 
shadow. Her black hair sways softly in the breeze as she holds her ice 
cream with a smile. Lea's emerald eyes well up with tears and he drops his 
ice cream bar in shock. Unable to contain his feelings, the tears stream 
down his face)

Kairi: Huh? Are you okay? Lea!

(He quickly tries to wipe them away as Kairi gets closer to him)

Lea: Yeah... Sorry...

Kairi: You're crying. What's wrong?

(Lea sniffles)

Lea: Something in my eyes.

Kairi: Lea...

(He stands)

Lea: I'm...gonna go. Sorry.

Kairi: 'Kay, but stop apologizing.

Lea: Fine...on one condition.

Kairi: What?

Lea: Call me Axel from now on. Got it memorized?

(He points to his head)

Kairi: Yeah. Okay, Axel.

(He walks away, leaving his ice cream bar in the grass. Meanwhile in 
Radiant Garden, Dilan leads Riku and Mickey to the Fountain Court, walking 
softly over the cobblestone terrain. Dilan stops, gesturing at their 
destination)

Mickey: So, this is the place.

Riku: Where Aqua fell into the realm of darkness after she dove in to 
save Terra.

Mickey: Yeah, she said he was acting strange.

Riku: Strange how, exactly?

Mickey: She sensed darkness in him, and they ended up getting into a big 
fight.

Riku: Right. And in the aftermath, the two of them disappeared. Around 
the same time, the guards found a stranger with white hair lying 
unconscious here in the square--a man calling himself "Xehanort."

Mickey: Ansem the Wise took the stranger in, but that was a mistake. 
Xehanort betrayed his master, stole his research, and along with his 
fellow apprentices, separated his heart from his body. Xehanort's heart 
took his master's name, "Ansem," and traveled to the past to give his 
younger self instructions. He even briefly had control of you. His empty 
body stayed in the present, took the name Xemnas, and founded Organization 
XIII. Their goal was to prepare thirteen vessels for Xehanort's heart.

Riku: Until we put an end to the Organization. But all the while Young 
Xehanort had been visiting the future to choose thirteen vessels of his own--
hearts with strong enough ties to him to begin a new Organization, the 
REAL Organization XIII. And now they're looking for a fight with us. 
But what happened to Terra? I thought you said that Aqua saved him.

(Mickey's face takes on a serious look)

Mickey: Yep, she did. The problem is we didn't notice. You remember the 
end of the Mark of Mastery exam, when Master Xehanort made his grand 
return? That's the Xehanort I remember. He was already a pretty old man 
then. But how do you explain Ansem and Xemnas, his Heartless and his 
Nobody? Isn't it strange how young they look? Why aren't THEY old men? 
It's because Xehanort was using a different body when the split happened. 
That face from the portrait I mentioned--it wasn't just some stranger that 
Ansem the Wise took under his wing. It was the young man whose body Master 
Xehanort possessed.

Riku: No way! That was Terra? Master Xehanort was using Terra?

Mickey: Yep. Master Xehanort told us "another on our list" belonged to 
him. He was talking about Terra. Turns out, Aqua saved more than just 
her friend that day.

Riku: Okay, but Master Xehanort is an old man again now. Where did 
Terra's body go?

Mickey: Hmm... (gasp) It's cause Master Xehanort's collecting vessels! 
He claimed to have two of our seven lights. We got Sora back, but Terra 
must still be on Xehanort's side.

Riku: He's with Organization XIII? We should warn Sora.

Mickey: Yep! And Merlin, too.

Riku: Yeah.

(And now for a commercial break...

In the heart of Shibuya, a battle rages on between a group of fighters 
and the mechanical troopers known as Gigas. Atop a tall building a pink 
beam of light shoots into the sky. Racing through the rubble on the 
ground, a strong man with glasses tears through a Gigas with his large 
green sword, scattering the mechanical beast into disintegrating cubes. 
Running to catch up to him is another young man with silver hair who 
engages his red sword as more Gigas encroach on them. Swooping in on the 
silver-haired youth's left is a third young man wielding two thin blue 
swords, the wind whipping through his red hair. He aims a Blizzard spell 
at a (relatively) small Gigas in front of them. Several more Gigas close 
in on the source of the beam of light on the roof. The source is a young 
woman with long hair clutching at her necklace as the pink energy swirls 
around her. The beam is directed at a point in the sky which takes on a 
circular blue shape forming a kind of gate. The clouds whirl around it as 
the surrounding skyscrapers are torn asunder, pieces falling upwards toward 
the gate. The red-haired youth holds off a Gigas with one sword-hand, while 
sending a Thunder spell toward a second with his other hand, destroying the 
foe. The man with glasses summons a green Barrier to stop an incoming Gigas 
as the silver-haired youth takes one out behind him. Dodging several 
blaster shots, the silver-haired youth sends a red spell at a Gigas while 
eliminating another with a slice from his sword. He lands on the ground 
just as a red Gigas flies towards him. As it rushes him, the boy summons 
a spinning orb, sending shards of the tiled floor into the air. The boy 
leaps above the orb and strikes downward through it, tearing apart the 
bubble and the Gigas inside it. The energy surrounding the girl grows in 
volume as the boy freezes a Gigas in place with a Stop spell. The frozen 
Gigas soon caves in on itself by way of a Gravity spell, which the boy sends 
through two other Gigas, trapping them. He slices through the amalgamation 
and gives a defiant look through his red and blue eyes. The three young men 
reach the edge of an adjacent building in time to watch the skyscraper 
being torn apart by the pink energy, blue lightning bolts shooting out from 
the gate. The three fighters leap into the swirling vortex as numerous 
Gigas fly toward them. The silver-haired boy destroys one Gigas with his 
crossbow and slashes at another with his red sword. Catching him off-guard, 
he is soon piled on by several blue Gigas before a large Reflect spell 
surrounds him and his friends. The redhead summons another Blizzard spell 
and shoots it through the green barrier, providing a tunnel of ice for the 
silver-haired youth to fly through. He reaches out his hand to the girl 
drifting in the pink abyss, her star necklace floating freely around her 
neck. She opens her eyes as he reaches her and their hands nearly touch. 
Suddenly the maelstrom around them breaks and the girl is ensnared by the 
claw of a Gigas. The trio land on the building as the girl cries out from 
its clutches. An enormous Gigas, bigger than the rest rises to meet them on 
the edge of the skyscraper. It opens a giant claw, summoning a cerulean 
blast. The boy stands in its crosshairs and his weapon folds down, 
igniting the red sword once again. He swings it back as his other weapon 
raises the arms of his crossbow. He slices the air and sends a shot from the 
crossbow, with the energy claw reflecting firmly in his blue eye.

VERUM REX - Video game available now from Square Enix for the Play Plus 
console. Rated 12+
GIGAS Action Figures out now. Rated 6+

The television suddenly shuts off with a buzz as a cowboy doll carrying 
a wooden toy block steps over the TV remote)

Rex: I was watching that.

Woody: Ah, sorry. But this is no time for television, Rex.

(Woody the cowboy walks off, leaving Rex the dinosaur and Hamm the piggy bank)

Hamm: Gotta say, that Gigas is pretty impressive.

Rex: Really?

(Woody spots Heartless spawning on the floor from his view on the bed)

Rex: I like Yozora most.

(Woody tackles Rex and Hamm and they go spiraling further onto the bed 
with a yell. Woody fixes his cowboy hat)

Hamm: Woody? What gives?

Woody: Shh!

(Buzz Lightyear the space ranger jumps down to the bed joining the others)

Buzz: Are they back?

Woody: Shhhhhh!

(They peer over the side of the bed to see a group of Toy Trooper 
Heartless scouting the floor)

Woody: All right, guys. Today we teach those masked intruders who's boss. 
Is everybody in position?

Rex: Wait. Hold on! I don't think I'm emotionally prepared!

Hamm: Would you calm down? Don't worry. I got ya covered.

(Woody gazes over to a shelf across the room where a pair of Green Army 
Men stand on the edge of a bucket. They give a salute to a trio of Little 
Green Men who wave in Woody's direction. Woody returns a salute)

Buzz: It's go time.

(Woody nods as Sora arrives in the room next to a giant toy ball under 
the bed)

Sora: What in the world?

(He passes an equally oversized xylophone and soccer ball)

Sora: Where are we?

(He looks up to the larger-than-life bedside table and realizes)

Sora: Oh my gosh! Have we been shrunk?! And...and look at us!

(He looks at himself, a similar figure though with considerably more plastic)

Donald: You know what the magic is for. We have to protect the world order!

Sora: Border?

Donald: I said, "Order"!

(Something to their left catches Goofy's eye)

Goofy: Gawrsh...

(Donald and Sora look over)

Goofy: Who's gonna protect the order from them?

Sora & Donald: Heartless!

(They summons their weapons and run at the Heartless)

Woody: Okay. We go on three. One, two...

(Buzz's wings open suddenly when he sees the trio arrive)

Buzz: Wait!

(Rex, already at a running start, almost falls off the bed)

Woody: What are you doing?!

(Buzz directs Woody's gaze back to the floor)

Woody: Who are those guys?

(Sora, Donald and Goofy take out all the Heartless as the toy gang make 
their way to the wooden floor)

Hamm: Are they new?

Rex: Wait! Ah-- Ah-- You look familiar!

(Rex shoves past the rest of them toward a confused Sora)

Rex: I know this. You're, uh, you're, uhhh...

(Hamm catches up)

Hamm: Yozora!

Sora: Huh? My name's Sora.

(A red dot appears on Sora's chest as Buzz stands on alert)

Buzz: Stay back! For all we know, the intruders sent them.

(Rex excitedly tackles Sora)

Rex: Yozora!

Woody: Slow down there, Rex. We don't know them.

Rex: But we can trust them. They're the number-one-selling heroes in 
the country!

Hamm: Yeah, Andy's mom must've bought 'em for him.

(Rex shakes Sora's hand as Buzz continues staying his distance, walking 
around them in a circle)

Rex: Hamm's right. Did you see how easily they took care of the 
intruders? I bet they're here to figure out why all our friends have 
gone missing, and why Buzz's laser started actually laser-ing...and 
all the weird stuff that's been going on.

(Buzz stares at the laser gun on his arm)

Rex: I mean, that's what heroes do, right?

Buzz: Let's not jump to conclusions.

Woody: Hmm...

Buzz (to Woody): Gotta be smart, Woody.

(Woody casually walks up to Sora, surprising Buzz)

Woody: So, you're...Andy's new toys?

Sora, Donald & Goofy: Toys?

Woody: You sure did a number on those intruders.

Goofy: Those are the Heartless.

Donald: The bad guys!

Sora: We've been fighting against those "intruders" for a while.

Rex: I knew it!

(Hamm chuckles)

Woody: Hmm... Okay. 

Buzz: Huh?

Woody: In that case, you're all right by me. My name's Woody. Put 'er there.

(He offers a hand and Sora shakes it)

Sora: Hey. 

Buzz: Now hold on.

Sora: I'm Sora--

Rex (overexcitedly): Yozora!

(Rex gets forlorn looks from everyone and joins the rest of Andy's toys)

Sora: Actually, my name's "Sora"...

Donald: And I'm Donald.

Goofy: I'm Goofy.

Buzz: And I'm...Buzz Lightyear.

Hamm: Call me Hamm. It's a real honor.

Rex: And I'm Rex! I'm your biggest fan. In fact, I've been playing your 
game for months now. And I've already gotten you all the way up to LV 47. 
But that Bahamut boss is really tough. Slinky and I can't figure out how 
to beat him.

(The Green Army Men walk up to the group)

Rex: Oh, I wish Slinky and the others were here. They'd be so happy to meet 
you!

Sarge: All troops at attention, sir!

(The Army Men salute and Sora, Donald and Goofy return it. A rolling 
sound catches their attention and they hear a squeak as the three Little 
Green Men coast toward them on Andy's skateboard)

Little Green Men: Weeee!

(Sora, Donald and Goofy leap out of the way. After leaving the skateboard, 
the toy aliens waddle over to Donald, their eyes blinking individually)

Little Green Man 1: Strangers.

Little Green Man 2: From the outside.

Little Green Man 3: Welcome.

Sora: They're all toys? So that's why we look the way we do.

(He sees Buzz walking towards him as the aliens go on their way)

Buzz: Excuse me. You said that you've battled those intruders before. 
Tell us where and why.

Sora: Oh... Well, uh...we are--

Donald (to Sora): Order!

(Sora covers his mouth)

Buzz: Well? You must have come from somewhere.

(Hamm agrees while Woody walks over)

Woody: Take it easy, Buzz. What matters is that they got those intruders 
out of our way--for at least a little while.

Woody: No need to interrogate 'em.

Rex: Yeah, Buzz!

Hamm: Woody's right.

Buzz: Noted. But still...

Sora: Hey. Have those "intruders"--the Heartless--been a problem around here?

Woody: No, they just showed up a little while ago.

Buzz: In fact, those "Heartless" materialized...right after our friends 
up and vanished.

Donald (to Goofy): You don't think...

Goofy: Well, gee. It can't just be a coincidence.

(Sora nods and Woody gazes up at the window over Andy's desk)

Woody: It wasn't always this lonely. One day we woke up, and we were 
the only toys left here. Nobody's heard from Mom, Molly, or Andy...

(He sits on a wooden block and stares at the underside of his shoe where 
the name "ANDY" is written in faded ink)

Woody (sadly): We keep waiting for Andy to come home.

Sora: You really care about him.

(Woody nods and stands back up, rejoining the group)

Woody: Yeah... He's the best friend that toys like us could ever hope 
to have.

(He places a hand on Buzz's shoulder and the toys smile)

Sora: All right. We'd better start looking!

Woody: Huh?

Sora: Have you gotten any clues we can go on--any other strange things 
that happened?

Woody: Well... Hmm. There's one thing.

Hamm: One big thing.

Sarge: Huge, sir.

Rex: What thing?

Buzz: After everyone went MIA, the intruders didn't come alone. They 
arrived with a guy wearing a hood, dressed in black, just like you. As 
a matter of fact, he's the only other toy we've seen, outside of you three.

Sora: A black hood? (gasp) But that would mean...

Donald & Goofy: The Organization!

Woody: You know who it is?

Sora: Yeah. They're bad news.

Buzz: Seems like you have a lot of enemies.

Sora: We may have a hunch what's causing all the weirdness. Would you 
mind if we handle this?

Woody: I'm sorry. But we're not gonna leave this to you.

Sora: Huh?

Woody: If that guy had something to do with our friends vanishing, then 
he's our problem too. We've got to work together.

(He extends a hand once more to Sora, who reciprocates)

Sora: Right!

(Goofy, Rex, Hamm and the aliens share a delighted response)

Sora: So then, were can we find that guy?

(Woody kneels toward the Army Men)

Woody: Sarge, any word from the recon team?

Sarge: The latest reports place him in town, sir. At Galaxy Toys!

(He points to the Galaxy Toys flyer on Andy's bulletin board)

Woody: Then Galaxy Toys is where we're going. Sora. Follow me.

(He looks up to the window and the others follow his gaze)

Woody: It's out the window and down the roof.

Buzz: Not so fast, cowboy.

Woody: Hm?

Buzz: You seem pretty gung ho about going, but shouldn't we stay here and 
wait for Andy?

Woody: Well... You've got a point, but...we've tried waiting. Look, if we 
go with Sora, we might find a clue. Are you with me, Buzz?

(Buzz smiles)

Buzz: Of course. Okay, let's move out!

(They exit through the window and down the roof of the garage to the 
driveway, engaging in spars with the Heartless that block their way. They 
reach Galaxy Toys, home of Vic the Visitor, their alien mascot, displayed 
by the gigantic flying saucer that stands atop the building. They cross 
the threshold and enter the enormous toy store, Rex running in ahead)

Rex: We're here!

(Everyone follows in awe of the spacious place. Large displays of Gigas 
are scattered on different shelves along with game boxes of all kinds. In 
the center of the first floor is an oversized gumball machine labeled 
"Space Capsule" with metal tracks leading in spirals to the upper floors. 
Sora notices the giant red Gigas)

Sora: Hey, why doesn't THAT toy move?

Woody: I guess it hasn't figured it out.

Sora: Figured what out?

????????: I can make it move for you.

(Sora and Woody look above the Space Capsule, where a black hooded figure 
enters through a dark portal, uncovering his hood and revealing himself 
to be Young Xehanort)

Sora: You're from the dream--the first of the Xehanorts!

Young Xehanort: I'm so honored you remember me.

(He snaps his fingers and three Heartless appear. One jumps into the 
helmet of the red Gigas and assumes control of it. Its claw arm starts 
to move with clicking sounds and it leaps toward Sora. Woody raises his 
hat to see better)

Woody: Oh no! He CAN move!

Hamm: Way cool!

(The arm spins backwards into a fist with Hamm giving off a startled shriek)

Sora: Look out!

(As the Gigas attempts a punch, Sora, Donald and Goofy hold him off 
while Woody knocks Hamm out of the way)

Young Xehanort: One heart's shadows fill the emptiness of another. See 
how they bring him to life? Like Heartless and Nobodies, they fit together.

Sora: Enough. Why are you doing this?!

Young Xehanort: There's a darkness we are missing and must reclaim. The 
way hearts connect in this world can provide us with a clue. So we made a 
copy of the world, and then pulled those hearts apart. I wonder how 
you'll handle the strain.

(Hamm runs off to hide behind a potted plant with Rex. Young Xehanort 
summons the portal again and begins to enter)

Sora: Wait! What does that mean?

Young Xehanort: Don't let me down.

(Young Xehanort leaves and the Gigas knocks the trio away. Woody catches 
Sora, while Buzz saves Donald and Goofy)

Rex: Oh no!

Buzz: Woody! What is going on? Is this toy a friend...or foe?

(The Gigas stands, aiming its arm cannon at them)

Woody: I think we've got our answer.

(The cannon fires bursts, causing them to flee in opposite directions, 
hiding behind shelving units)

Donald: Sora! You're up!

Goofy: Yeah! If the Heartless know how to do it, there's no reason you can't.

Sora: Do what?

(Donald and Goofy point to a large blue Gigas on the wall with an 
already open helmet)

Sora: Brilliant! I'm on it!

(Sora runs toward the Gigas, taking a spinning leap and landing inside. 
He grabs onto the two control sticks inside and closes the helmet, 
leaping down to the floor to face off against the Heartless-controlled 
Gigas. Using the toy mech's various blasters, punches, and explosions, 
he defeats the main Gigas troops while the others take down the small 
Heartless legions on the floor. The red Gigas slows to a stop and the 
helmet opens as a Heartless disappears, the Heart being released from 
inside it. Sora leaps out of the blue Gigas)

Buzz: He was being controlled? He wasn't just switched into battle mode 
by accident?

Sora: Buzz?

(Buzz turns away)

Buzz (sighs): It's nothing.

Woody: I'm confused. That guy in the black coat--did he say he made a 
copy of the real world? What's that mean?

Sora: It...prob'ly means they split this world in two--your friends in one 
world, us in the other. Only one of the worlds is real, and the other is 
just really convincing.

Buzz: You can't be serious. Oh! That's right, you're from a video game. 
Well, maybe in your game, that's how things work...but here in reality, 
you can't "split worlds."

(Sora is lost for words)

Buzz: This is ridiculous.

(He waves Sora off and walks away towards Woody)

Buzz: Woody, let's go.

Woody: I admit, it does sound just a little far-fetched.

(Donald and Goofy rejoin the group)

Woody: But...say we HAVE been taken to some kind of alternate world. That 
would explain why your laser's real. And is it really that crazy? Worse 
than "evil emperors" and "protecting the galaxy"? Any of that ring a bell?

(He puts a hand on Buzz's shoulder. Buzz clears his throat)

Buzz: Point taken. But that just means these strangers are part of the 
delusion. And I say it's time we parted ways and went home.

(Donald and Goofy look crestfallen)

Goofy: Thought we were friends, not strangers.

Sora: Look, I get that it seems weird, but we know something's wrong with 
this place. We should stick together.
Woody: Sora's right. They helped with the intruders, so they might help 
find our friends.

(Buzz starts walking toward the red Gigas)

Woody: They have been there for us so far. You can't deny that. Come on. 
Every toy deserves a fair shake. Am I right?

Buzz: Tell it to that toy over there.

(He points to the Gigas. Woody falls silent)

Sarge: Sheriff, sir!

(Woody looks atop the shelf to see Sarge and another Green Army Man)

Sarge: Rex has just been dino-napped!

Woody: What's that?!

(Sarge turns to his fellow soldier, who salutes)

Sarge: My men saw him get hauled up to the second floor, sir! And Hamm 
and the Aliens are MIA.

Woody: Come on. We have got to find them!

(Woody begins running and Sora follows)

Sora: Please, let us help!

Donald & Goofy: Yeah!

(Woody looks over his shoulder at Buzz who hasn't budged and runs back 
over to him)

Woody: Well, Buzz? Do you really think we can save our friends on our 
own? We didn't get very far before. We gotta take all the help we can get.

(Buzz gives an abject sigh)

Goofy: Don't worry. Sora can be reckless...

Sora: Wha?

Goofy: ...and Donald grumbles a lot.

Donald: Huh?

Sora: It's true.

Goofy: But you can trust 'em!

Donald: Hey! He suspects you, too!

Sora: It's true.

Goofy: Huh? He does?

(Donald throws his hands up and Sora chuckles)

Woody: See, they don't seem bad. Am I right, Buzz?

Buzz: Okay, fine. We do need the extra help. But just so we're clear: I 
remain skeptical about this. I'll work with you till we find our friends.

Sora: Ohhh...kay.

Woody: Thanks for the help, Sora, Donald, Goofy.

Sarge: My troops will return to the field, sir!

(The Army Men salute and walk off. The group walks over to the Space 
Capsule and Buzz ejects his wings right as Woody walks into them. He 
scowls at Buzz for a moment, but the feeling passes)

Buzz: This ascent is gonna be rather tricky.

Woody (smiling): Too bad we're not strapped to a rocket, huh?

(Woody leans on Buzz's wings, but Buzz retracts them back into his suit)

Sora: Hey! Think we could use that?

(Sora points upwards and they see the spiral tracks leading to the other 
floors)

Woody: It's perfect. C'mon, guys!

(They ride the rails up to the 2nd Floor and enter a store named Action+, 
where they gaze in awe of the seemingly endless shelves of action figures. 
Woody sees something tail-shaped out of the corner of his eye and he turns 
in surprise)

Woody: Rex!

(He dashes around the corner of a display, but sees no one there)

Woody: Where'd he go?

Buzz: You sure you saw him?

Woody: Yes, he just--

Sora: Shh. Do you guys hear something?

Goofy: What's that?

(Sora sees waves of darkness though a break in the boxes on display where 
something is moving)

Buzz: Something feels wrong...

(With a huge swipe of its claw, an immense dragon model toy called the 
Supreme Smasher knocks over the display of Smasher toys in front of them. 
Donald starts running back to the exit, when the store's sliding door 
slams shut. The Supreme Smasher lets out a giant bellow and they clearly 
see the Heartless symbol emblazoned on its neck. They summon their weapons)

Sora: Another toy's being controlled!

(Buzz shakes off a worrisome look and readies his laser)

Sora: Buzz, you sure?

Buzz: If it wanted to play nice, then it should've stayed away from my 
friends.

(They manage to free the controlled toys and Sora dispels his Keyblade 
with a sigh of relief. Suddenly, another Supreme Smasher lands behind 
them and roars. Sora hears a scream and looks over to see a dragon-shaped 
glider hooked to the ceiling flying in circles piloted by a shouting Rex. 
It spins at full speed, knocking the hook out of the tile, sending the 
glider and Rex flying into the Supreme Smasher just as it reaches back for 
a claw slash at Sora. The dragon toy falls over as Rex flies into an Air 
Droid display along with an orange puppet hanging from a cloud-like gear. 
After landing on the floor, the gear tries to float away but Rex lands on it)

Rex: What's this?!

(The puppet turns its head to face Rex menacingly, revealing a Heartless 
symbol on its hat)

Rex: Oh no! What did I do?!

(He runs away from it while Sora strikes down the Marionette Heartless 
with one swipe of his Keyblade. Woody sighs with relief, wiping his brow)

Woody: Nice moves, Rex.

Goofy: That was great!

Rex: Great? Really? Would you say I was impressive?

Buzz: Very impressive, Rex. We couldn't look away.

Rex (excitedly): Hurray! Oh, that makes me so happy!

(He turns to Donald)

Rex: Were you watching too? Did you see what I did?

(Donald and Woody try to calm Rex down)

Donald: Yeah, good for you.

Woody: Listen, Rex.

Rex: I was going for fearsome...

Woody: Would ya--

Rex: ...but I think I might've actually achieved something close to 
terrifying!

Woody: Earth to Rex.

(Rex stops)

Sora: Do you know where the others were taken?

Rex: What do you mean? Did something bad happen?

Buzz: Back to square one.

Woody: Oh, great.

(Woody hears a clicking sound of plastic on metal and looks up to see 
the sergeant climbing down the vent near the ceiling)

Woody: Sarge! Have you got a status report?

Sarge (saluting): Sir! One of my men just located Hamm forward of our 
position, in Babies in Toddlers.

(The group smile with the good news)

Sarge: The corporal was debriefing him, but something must have gone 
wrong. All radio contact has been lost.

(The group sighs)

Buzz: Anything more specific we can go on?

Sarge: Right before I lost contact, I heard music with some sort of 
sonic interference.

Buzz: Music?

Goofy: Ya think it could be the Heartless?

Donald: What if it's another big monster?

Sora: Let's find out.

Woody: I agree.

(Woody and the group start walking ahead, while Rex stays put)

Rex: Actually...I think I'll head back and wait by the entrance. I'm 
sure those vents are gonna be much too narrow for my big dinosaur tail.

(Sora looks up at the vent)

Sora: Really? I'm sure you'd fit.

Buzz (interjecting): Rex is right. Besides, we need a lookout at th
e entrance. It's an important mission. Can you do it?

Rex: Yes, sir!

(Rex makes a determined fist with his little arm and Buzz salutes him. 
Sora and the rest chuckle and make their way up into the ventilation 
shaft. Using the vents to reach the third floor of Galaxy Toys they exit 
into the Dolls section of Babies & Toddlers)

Woody: This is Babies and Toddlers. Where do you guys think we should start?

(Goofy bends down to speak to the sergeant)

Goofy: Sarge, didn't you mention music?

(Sarge hops to face him)

Sarge: Affirmative, Goofy.

(Sora peers out through the vast toy section)

Sora: Hmm... All right. Why don't we look for things that make noise?

Goofy: Sure!

Donald: That's good thinking for you.

(Donald walks off, cackling)

Sora: Wha... What do you mean, for me?

(Donald breaks into a run)

Sora: Hey, where ya--

(Donald runs around Goofy)

Sora (laughing): Donald!

(They end up in a standoff around Goofy)

Woody: I think they really are good guys.

(Sora tries to grab Donald but he runs past him and shakes his tailfeather)

Sora: Hold still!

(Goofy chuckles and Sora runs after him)

Buzz: Well, you wouldn't have trusted them otherwise.

(Donald tries to run around Goofy again but Sora blocks him, prompting 
Donald to dive through Sora's legs. Goofy laughs harder)

Sora: What?

Donald: Missed me!

(He laughs, leaping back to his feet)

Sora: Don't!

Buzz: And I know that your trust is a hard-earned treasure.

(They continue playing cat and mouse)

Sora: No! Stop that!

Donald (laughing): Victor!

(Woody smiles softly at Buzz)

Buzz: Well...for all our sakes, let's hope you're right, cowboy. I'm 
willing to give 'em a chance at least for a little while longer. 
Especially if it means getting Andy and our friends back.

Woody: Agreed.

(They search through the store, taking out more Heartless-possessed 
toys, until they reach a large gramophone in the corner at a display 
labeled Musical Toads. Sora hops onto the turntable)

Sora: Is this it?

(He begins to run on the record and the symphony of toads on the display 
light up and begin playing)

Woody: Come on, Sora... You've never used a record player?

Sora: Huh?

(Sora slows down and the music stops as Woody leaps up onto the record as 
well)

Woody: Like this!

(He starts running along the record, throwing Sora off-balance. Sora 
returns to a run and laughs as the orchestra continues playing)

Goofy: It's workin'!

(One of the instruments plays a false note)

Buzz: Wait, did that sound off to you?

Donald: It did.

Sora: Huh?

(Distracted, Sora slows down and almost crashes into Woody)

Woody: Heeey!

(Sora speeds back up and Goofy calls up to him)

Goofy: Sora! There's some kinda strange noise comin' from the orchestra!

(Sora and Woody exchange glances)

Sora (waving): Got it! Woody, you keep the record going.

(Sora jumps down from the turntable)

Woody: Whoa-whoa-whoa!

(Sora, Donald and Goofy search the orchestra for the instrument that's 
playing off-rhythm and find that it's the tuba-playing toad. Woody 
struggles to catch his breath as he keeps the music playing while Goofy 
peers into the tuba)

Goofy: Hmm... Somethin' seems to be stuck in this tuba.

Sora: I'll get it out.

(Sora reaches into the tuba, feeling around for the obstruction. He finds 
it and struggles to get it unstuck)

Sora: Almost got it...

(With a loud pop, he pulls out...)

Sora: There!

(...the corporal. Sora places him gently on the table)

Sarge: Corporal!

(The sergeant hops down from a higher ledge and walks over to the 
corporal, placing a hand on his back)

Sarge: You all right, son?

Corporal: Yes, sir.

Buzz: That's the soldier Sarge lost contact with.

(Sarge gets the soldier to his feet and puts his arm around his shoulders, 
hoisting him up)

Sora: So you found Hamm?

Corporal: Yes. But...while I was radioing in, a giant hand grabbed me, 
and it stuffed me in there. They must have taken Hamm to another 
location. We have to hurry!

(The corporal tries to walk his injured self, but falls over)

Sarge: Wait, Corporal. You're not fit for action.

(Sarge helps him stand again)

Corporal: But Sarge...

Sarge: Your tour is over, son. And it's all right. Our trusted allies 
will take over.

(Sora, Donald and Goofy salute them and the corporal starts tearing up)

Sarge: I will move the corporal to a safer location.

Corporal (saluting): Good luck, gentlemen.

(The Green Army Men walk off as the music continues to play and Woody 
continues to run. They reach the edge of the orchestra ledge and give 
Woody a salute)

Woody: Huh...?

(They hop down the ledge)

Woody (running out of breath): Hey, hey, hey, hey! What is...going on?!

Sora: Oh, right!

Buzz: Woody! Mission complete!

(Woody leaps off the record player and the music slows to a stop)

Woody (winded): Why didn't...you tell me...a little sooner?

(Woody falls to his hands and knees, trying to catch his breath)

Buzz: Sorry, there's no time to rest. Hamm needs us.

(Buzz hops off the table and Woody gives an exhausted salute. They soon 
find a dollhouse that's rattling around in a window display. They struggle 
to get the side of the house open, but with everyone's help, it unlatches, 
and the five of them land in a pileup)

Hamm: Talk about cabin fever. Thanks for the save.

(Hamm walks out of the dollhouse much to their surprise)

Woody: You okay, Hamm?

Hamm: Yeah, aside from being locked in, the accomodations were fine.

(He nods over to the fully-furnished inside of the house, where Donald 
steps inside)

Donald: Aww. What a tiny little house.

(He walks by the window where a giant doll peers inside)

Donald: Huh?

(The doll brims with darkness and its sudden appearance causes Donald to 
thrash about the house)

Woody: Who was--

(Hamm shrieks in terror and backs away)

Buzz: What's wrong?

Hamm: She's back! That's the doll that pig-penned me!

(The doll's eyes glow orange, matching the glowing Heartless symbol on 
her left bunny ear)

Woody: Hamm, take cover.

Hamm: Uh, copy that. One stay in the dread-and-breakfast was enough for me!

(Hamm runs away)

Buzz: Not another possessed toy...

Sora: Guys, look alive!

(They fight the possessed Angelic Amber doll along with a horde of Bouncy 
Pets and Patchwork Animals also under the Marionette Heartless's control. 
The doll stops floating and its eyes return to their normal shade of blue. 
It slumps against the floor, lifeless)

Buzz: Wait... What if we end up just like her? Forgetting ourselves and...
attacking each other?

Sora: No way, Buzz. That won't happen.

Donald: No way!

Goofy: You guys are too strong.

Buzz (hotly): You can't be sure! What if I get taken over, then attack you?

(Woody places a hand on his shoulder)

Woody: Buzz, you're overthinking it.

Sora: Yeah. The Heartless--the darkness--can only creep in when our hearts 
falter. Trust me. You'll be fine if you don't lose heart.

Woody: Well, that's good. Because I know you, Buzz. You'll never lose heart 
when it comes to your friends.

(He flicks his hat upwards)

Buzz: True enough, cowboy.

(Buzz gives a small smile)

Buzz: Sorry to have worried you all.

Woody: No problem. Now, let's go find the others.

(They return to the window, Buzz helping Woody up to the windowsill, and 
meet back up with Hamm. Donald and Goofy spot something through the glass)

Donald: Look!

(A UFO with a crane claw sails past the window, a trail of darkness 
behind it)

Goofy: A flying saucer!

(Woody adjusts his hat)

Woody: I think I know who that might lead us to. C'mon, guys!

(They open the window right as the UFO passes by and Woody waves them 
through when the coast is clear)

Hamm: Hey, Woody. I'd just slow you down, with all the loose change I'm 
carrying. I'll hang by the entrance.

Woody: No problem. Be safe, Hamm.

(Woody leaps out the window)

Hamm: Hey, thanks, buddy. You just take care of your old self.

(Hamm leaves and Woody rejoins the group)

Woody: Now, let's follow that UFO!

Sora, Donald & Goofy: Right!

(They enter the Outdoor playplace of Babies & Toddlers where the UFO is 
flying through. The Aliens spot it with glee)

Little Green Man 1: They have come for us.

Little Green Man 2: The mystic portal awaits.

(The UFO stops over the three Aliens and the claw descends, sending the 
group running after them)

Buzz: Oh no!

Sora: Wait!

Woody: Stop!

(The Aliens are snatched up into the mothership)

Little Green Men: Farewell!

Buzz: It's getting away!

Sora: Don't go!

(Surrounded by Toy Trooper Heartless, Sora, Donald, Goofy, Woody & Buzz 
take down the possessed UFO. It drops the Aliens and falters in the air, 
eventually losing power and sinking to the floor)

Little Green Men: We are back!

(They start to run in different directions)

Little Green Man 1: Our ship is no more.

Little Green Man 2: Nirvana will not be reached.

(Sora picks one up with a squeak)

Sora: Sorry I trashed your ride.

Little Green Man 3: Fear not.

Little Green Man 1: We still have our new home.

Little Green Men: The Chamber of Andy.

Buzz: They're right.

(Sora sets the Alien down)

Buzz: This isn't where we belong. We've been in this toy store long enough. 
It's time for us to go home to Andy's room.

Sora: But...Xehanort told us that room isn't even his real room.

Buzz: Can you prove that any of that nonsense is true?

(Donald and Goofy sigh)

Buzz: And even if that Andy's room IS fake, it doesn't mean he's not 
somewhere in this world with us. I'm going home to wait for him. No more 
debate.

(He turns)

Buzz: You with me, Woody?

(The Aliens waddle to follow Buzz)

Woody: Hmm... Youre right, Buzz. Now that we're all accounted for, we 
should meet up at the entrance and go home. 

Sora: Okay. We could have used friends like you for the final showdown...

Goofy: But Organization XIII's our problem to solve.

(Sora nods and Donald hops in place)

Donald: Yeah, I can take 'em!

Sora: I'm not so sure about that...

(Goofy chuckles)

Donald: I'll show ya!

(Sora laughs and runs up to Woody and Buzz, Donald and Goofy following suit)

Sora: Guys, can we see you off?

Woody: That would be great.

(They return to the first floor)

Woody: Sarge, roll call.

(He points to the Green Army Man as he walks past him)

Sarge (saluting): Sir, yes sir! Roll call! All toys, fall in!

(The Army Men, Hamm, and the Aliens form a line as Buzz walks by them)

Buzz: Sarge... Army Men times four... Hamm... Aliens 1, 2, 3...

(The Army Men salute and each Alien squeaks as they raise their hands)

Buzz: Wait. Where's Rex?

Hamm: Aw, he took off. Said he wanted to prove to you you could trust Sora. 
He's up there by the video games.

(The pig points up to the third floor and Buzz sighs)

Buzz: Well, here we go again.

Sora: Huh? This is about us?

(He gives a worried look)

Sora: He's not safe. The Heartless are out there.

Woody: You're right. Sora, Donald, Goofy... Any chance you could help us 
one last time?

Sora: Sure!

Goofy: Of course!

Donald: You bet!

Woody (smiling): Thanks, guys.

(They return to the third floor and enter the video game store where they 
find Rex among the Verum Rex merchandise)

Rex: Hurray!

(He hops down and rushes over to Sora with the game in his hands)

Rex: Look! Look! I found it!

(He holds it almost too close to Sora's face, trying to show him the cover)

Rex: See, Sora?

(The cover shows an image of the silver-haired Yozora lazing on stone steps 
with his sword and crossbow)

Sora: Well, I never look THIS good. The clothes kinda match.

(Buzz and Woody walk further into the game store around a giant poster for 
Verum Rex, where they can see a much larger version of the game cover)

Woody: Whaddaya know! They ARE video game figures. See? I told ya, Buzz. 
They're toys, just like the rest of us.

(Buzz looks over to them as something catches Rex's eye)

Buzz: Well, I suppose.

(Sora leans over to speak privately with Donald)

Sora: Donald, I thought your magic decided how I look. Explain.

Donald: Simple. That's not you.

Goofy: Say, Riku would make a great action figure!

Donald: Must be him!

Sora: No! It's me. I've got the black clothes and, uh...

(He trails off slowly)

Donald: So what?

Buzz: All right, everyone. Now that we're back together, it's time to 
return to Andy's room.

(Rex is reading the back cover of a Play Plus strategy guide)

Rex: Now?

(He drops the book and searches through the shelf, tossing books aside)

Rex: But can't I at least check the strategy guides? I want to know how to 
beat Bahamut!

(He manages to find the Verum Rex guide)

Buzz: Next time. Right now, we need to go home.

(Buzz takes the book and tosses it away. Rex's face turns sad and Buzz 
consoles him with a tap him on the snout. Rex walks away hesitantly from 
the book, following Buzz back to the group. A figure with a pair of boots 
lands on the floor nearby)

Young Xehanort: Oh, but you needn't rush off.

(The voice catches their attention and they summon their weapons)

Sora: Xehanort!

Young Xehanort: I have more to observe. I can't let you leave yet.

Sora: It's us that you really want. Leave the others out of this.

(Xehanort smirks)

Young Xehanort: You WOULD say that, champion of light.

(A Marionette Heartless dangles behind them unknowingly)

Young Xehanort: Very well, let's skip to the final stage.

(It strolls up to Buzz and he gives a face of surprise before the 
Heartless disappears and his body goes quiet)

Rex: Buzz? What's the matter?

(Darkness emanates from Buzz Lightyear and he activates his laser, 
aiming it at Woody's head. Woody gasps before raising an eyebrow)

Woody: C'mon, Buzz. Quit fooling around.

Goofy: Look out!

(Buzz fires the laser just as Goofy leaps in front of Woody with his shield)

Woody: I can't believe it! Buzz has been taken over?

(Buzz fires a few more shots)

Sora: What did you do to him?!

(Sora attacks Xehanort, who phases away in the blink of an eye)

Young Xehanort: I thought I made it clear. I am testing the strength of 
their bonds.

(Young Xehanort walks around the room, phasing in and out as Sora tries 
to strike him down, but only slicing air)

Young Xehanort: In this world, toys have hearts. And those hearts come 
from a powerful bond.

(Sora looks around, seeing Xehanort on a high display case above a video 
screen)

Young Xehanort: So what happens when those bonds are stretched to their 
limit? When they are worlds apart, can cloth and plastic hold on to their 
hearts?

(Sora leaps to the top of the display with another failed attack)

Young Xehanort: All I needed was a wedge to widen the divide--someone like 
you to fill them with distrust and doubt.

(Sora finds him walking along the display and Xehanort dodges each of Sora's 
blows effortlessly)

Young Xehanort: And that chasm you created can be filled with a vast 
darkness.

(He appears on the floor and Sora leaps down at him, striking nothing)

Young Xehanort: Witness it for yourself.

Donald: Sora!

(Donald and Rex are trying to hold Buzz at bay, but he continues his laser 
blasts unflinching as Goofy stops them from hitting Woody)

Rex: Do somethiiing!

Sora: On my way!

(Sora tries to run to their aid, but Xehanort snatches him up)

Young Xehanort: Not this time!

(Xehanort summons a concentrated energy blast near Sora's waist, which then 
explodes, blasting him into the nearby video screen. He phases into it, 
sending a ripple through the screen. He lands on a metal surface of an 
enormous boat several miles from a nighttime city skyline)

Sora: Where am I?

Young Xehanort: Haven't you heard? In this world, you come from a video 
game. So now, you can watch my experiment from inside that screen. That 
is...if you manage to find a moment's rest.

(Young Xehanort teleports out of the store as Sora comes face to face with 
the Gigas inside Verum Rex)

Sora: There's got to be a way out. Buzz, Woody, hang on!

(After a few minutes, Sora leaps out of the television screen to the 
delighted faces of his friends)

Donald & Goofy: Sora!

Woody: Y'all right, Sora?

Sora: Yeah, I'm just fine. And you?

(They don't know how to respond aside from worry)

Sora: Wait... Where's Buzz?

(Woody sighs)

Goofy: He disappeared into a dark corridor.

Sora: Oh...

Woody: Sora, how do we get him back?

Sora: I don't know. My power won't open those.

(Woody breathes a large sigh as the Green Army Men walk nearer)

Sarge: Sir, did I hear you say "dark corridor"?

Woody: That's right, Sarge. Any ideas?

Sarge: Well, it might be a long shot, but we've sighted a shadowy portal 
in the Kid Korral. We can infiltrate from a window inside Babies and 
Toddlers.

(Woody's disposition lightens)

Sarge: I'll head there and get it open.

(He kneels down close to the sergeant with a wide smile)

Woody: Sarge, you're a lifesaver!

(He turns back to Sora and the others)

Woody: You guys in?

Sora, Donald & Goofy: Yeah!

Rex: Please promise you'll bring Buzz home.

Hamm: With batteries included?

Little Green Man 1: Journey safely.

Little Green Man 2: Farewell!

Woody: Don't worry. WE'RE gonna get our friend back.

(They return to the Outdoor section of Babies & Toddlers)

Woody: Sora, look!

(High above on a windowed wall with the design of a house is a much 
smaller window)

Woody: That must be the window Sarge mentioned.

(They make their way up through the window and enter the Kid Korral, 
where Sora sees odd green cubes piled against the main door)

Sora: The entrance was blocked by BLOCKS?

Woody: Can you use the Gigas to move 'em?

Sora: Yeah, maybe. I'll try.

(Sora pilots a nearby blue Gigas, stretching its arm out. He activates 
the claw which sends magnetic bolts to the green blocks, causing them 
to glow and disperse, unbarring the door. They move further into the 
room where Donald spots something)

Donald: Up there!

(A stream of darkness emanates from the uppermost vent in the room, much 
too high to reach by normal means, especially at toy height)

Sora: How we gonna reach that?

Woody: Well, there ARE some more blocks here...

(Heartless appear as they reach another pile of green blocks, but they 
are quickly taken out. Sora uses a Gigas again to pile them closer to the 
vent)

Goofy: We'll need more than that.

(They find another pile in a room with multicolored blocks)

Donald: Getting closer.

(Once all the blocks have been gathered and piled up, three cones land on 
top of the green figure assembled and a fanfare plays. The figure, with a 
permanent surprised look on its face, leans over toward the wall, providing 
a path up to the vent)

Donald: Hey, is that...

Sora: A cactus?

(The vent cover falls open)

Goofy: Yep, and it's our way up to the dark corridor.

(The party makes their way to the vent and enters it, finding a corridor 
of darkness)

Sora: It looked like this?

Goofy: Yup.

Sora: Here goes.

(Sora and the group pass through the ominous portal, finding themselves 
in a hazy abyss. Buzz is hovering in the center, darkness coming off of 
him and spreading through the air. Young Xehanort waits for them, waves of 
dark energy covering the floor as pieces of toys are scattered about the 
abyss, floating on invisible strings)

Sora & Woody: Buzz!

Sora: Xehanort!

Woody: What do you want with my friend?

Young Xehanort: Look... Such tremendous darkness. All because he was ripped 
away from the boy who cares about him most.

(The waves punch upward)

Woody: Does that mean...we'll all be like Buzz...

(The waves coalesce around Woody)

Woody: ...if we don't...find Andy?

Sora: Wrong! Distance doesn't matter. Andy's part of their hearts, just 
like my friends are part of mine.

(Donald and Goofy nod in agreement, glaring at Xehanort)

Sora: You can't rip that apart!

(Woody looks at the bottom of his shoe where Andy had written his name 
years ago, and then at Buzz's, just the same. Buzz is carried higher by the 
waves as Xehanort raises an arm)

Young Xehanort: What? "Your friends are your power"? Ah... How very true. 
But if the light of friendship is a form of power...the darkness of being 
alone is a power...even greater. Darkness is the heart's true nature.

(Sora is stunned to silence, but Woody places a hand on his shoulder and 
walks past him)

Woody: Whatever you're talking about, I don't care. Put Buzz back the way 
he was, then get lost!

Young Xehanort: Or else what, toy?

Woody: Yeah, I am a toy. And a friend.

(Woody stamps down with his foot, breaking the waves of darkness slightly, 
revealing the floor underneath)

Woody: My guess is no one's ever loved you before. Because you know 
NOTHING about hearts and love.

(Sora joins him in their circle of light, both making steps forward)

Sora: There are hearts all around us, trying to connect. Your "loneliness" 
only made Woody and Buzz's connection stronger. THAT's the heart's true 
nature--to never, ever let go. Wherever they are, Andy and the other toys 
haven't let go either.

Woody: Yeah! You can't keep us from Andy. We're going home no matter what. 
And taking Buzz!

Sora: Xehanort, you're so caught up in finding the shadows, you forgot 
about the light that cast them.

(The force of light breaks through the dark waves, tearing apart the 
darkness holding Buzz in the air. As it reaches Buzz, it shines out with a 
brilliant light)

Young Xehanort: No!

(Sora, Donald and Goofy charge forward, forcing Xehanort to summon his 
Keyblade, blocking the three of them)

Sora: Woody, now!

(Woody leaps forward over them, tossing out the pullstring from his back. 
It latches onto a Lego floating in the air and Woody swings around, using 
the momentum to snatch Buzz from his tangled perch. Sora smiles as 
Xehanort scowls as the pullstring retracts back inside Woody with a message 
of "Giddy-up, partner! We gotta get this wagon train a-movin'!" Suddenly, 
Buzz opens his eyes, seeing Woody on top of him. Woody lifts his head and 
gazes back at his friend. He turns over and sits with Buzz, who holds his 
head)

Buzz: Woody... Wait, how did I get here?

Woody: Hmm. Oh, I don't know! (elbows him) Maybe somebody switched you 
into "dark and stormy" mode.

Buzz: But I don't have a--

(He realizes what Woody is saying. The cowboy extends a hand to him and 
Buzz smiles, taking it, getting to his feet)

Buzz: Thank you, Woody.

Woody: Good to have ya back, Buzz.

Donald: Hey, hurry up!

(The two of them look over to see the trio locked in combat with Xehanort)

Goofy: We can't hold him much longer!

Sora: Don't give up, guys!

(Young Xehanort knocks the three of them back)

Young Xehanort: So, even empty puppets can be given strong hearts. I am 
going to have to remember that.

(Buzz aims his laser beam at Young Xehanort)

Buzz: Remember this--our hearts will always be connected to Andy's. No 
matter what you do!

Woody: And that's something you'll never understand, because you're 
hollower than any toy.

Young Xehanort: But now I know a heart can be placed in the vessel of our 
choosing. For that, let me give you a parting gift to play with.

Sora: Wait!

(Sora runs at Xehanort and slashes right through him)

Young Xehanort (whispering): Find the hearts joined to yours.

Sora: Huh?

(Xehanort vanishes and Donald leaps up, pointing at the sky where the 
darkness has begun to break)

Buzz: There!

(The group rejoins as the darkness is swept up, forming a giant flying 
saucer Heartless, revealing the room as a toy-sized cityscape with a 
puzzle-piece road)

Woody: Careful!

Sora: Here goes.

(After a long battle with the King of Toys involving an electromagnetic 
tornado, they succeed in finishing off the Heartless and return to the 
first floor of Galaxy Toys. They regroup with their friends and begin 
walking toward the exit)

Goofy: So, Xehanort got away again.

Donald: Yeah, he's a big chicken.

(Sora hangs his head and stops walking)

Sora: I'm sorry!

(Woody, Buzz and the others turn back to him, confused)

Sora: I wanted to get you back to the real world.

(Woody and Buzz look at each other and smirk)

Buzz: It does seem that we're trapped here.

Rex: We'll never get home.

Hamm: Yeah, stuck like pigs.

Sarge: Our position appears fixed.

Little Green Men: Oh nooo.

(Donald and Goofy give a sad sigh)

Buzz: A shame we'll have to stay a little longer...with our new best 
friends.

Sora, Donald & Goofy: Huh?

(Woody walks up and leans on Sora's shoulder)

Woody: After all the adventures we've had, we're not quite ready to say, 
"So long."

(Sora laughs)

Sora: You guys...

(The space ranger extends a hand)

Buzz: I'm sorry that I was being so stubborn. Please forgive me.

(Sora shakes his head, smiling, and shakes Buzz's hand)

Sora: Hey, you were just looking out for your friends. No biggie.

Hamm: Yeah, somebody's gotta be the sensible one, especially since Woody's 
always gettin' in trouble.

Goofy: Gawrsh, that sounds a little like Sora, don't it?

(Sora and Woody exchange a look, pointing at themselves)

Donald: Yeah, and I'm the dependable one!

Rex: Like Buzz! ...Kinda.

(They all laugh)

Woody: Besides, if we do go back to the real world, we'll never see you 
again, right?

(Sora scratches his cheek)

Sora: But...what about Andy? You care about him so much.

(Buzz puts a hand on his shoulder)

Buzz: And he's still right here with us.

(He touches his heart, smiling. Woody puts an arm around Sora)

Woody: If we follow our hearts, we'll find him again.

Sora (grinning): Yeah!

(They continue walking to the exit)

Woody: So, Sora, are you goin' after the guy in the black coat?

Buzz: Something tells me we can't join you on that mission.

Woody: That's okay...because you've become part of our hearts.

(He points to Sora's heart)

Woody: So let us become a part of yours.

(The group extends joyous laughter and infectious smiles as Sora side-hugs 
Woody)

Sora: Thank you!

Buzz: Now, off you go. To infinity and beyond!

(Sora, Donald and Goofy leave the Toy Box and sail on again in the Gummi 
Ship. Sora sits in his chair with his hands behind his head and nowhere 
to go. Donald and Goofy walk to his chair)

Donald: Sora, what about the "power of waking"?

Sora: You HAD to remind me?

Goofy: Well, gawrsh, we just wanna help keep ya motivated.

Sora: I was thinking about Roxas. He's trapped here in my heart. But...
he needs a body to be himself again.

Goofy: Aw, don't worry. Ienzo's workin' on a way to get him free. I'll 
betcha he's got the perfect body all lined up.

(Jiminy Cricket hops out of Sora's hood)

Jiminy: You've got the Gummiphone, Sora. Why don't ya try givin' him a call?

Sora: Uhh, I guess so?

(He takes out the phone)

Sora: Yeah, why not.

(He dials and Mickey pops up on the screen)

Mickey: Oh! Hiya, Sora!

Donald & Goofy: Your Majesty!

(They shove themselves into the view of the camera)

Sora: Hey! Wha...? Wrong number?

Mickey: No, Riku and I are visiting Radiant Garden. Actually, we were 
just about to call you guys, but it looks like you beat us to the punch.

(Riku kneels down to Mickeys level as the King holds out the camera)

Riku: Sora, is something wrong?

Sora: I wanted to pick your brain. In order for us to recomplete Roxas, 
he needs a body, right?

Mickey: Yeah, to put his heart in.

(There is a moment of near silence among them while they think, the only 
sound from the water fountain at Radiant Garden. Riku gets an idea)

Riku: Replicas...

Sora: Huh?

Riku: Well, replicas are basically human.

Sora: Uh, what?

Riku: Oh, yeah... You wouldn't remember. The previous Organization XIII 
developed "replicas": realistic vessels to place hearts in. They're so 
real, in fact, that you'd actually mistake them for people. And with 
hearts, the replicas will BECOME people.

Sora: Cool, but if we get our hands on a replica, will Roxas look like 
himself when he's recompleted?

Riku: Yup. The replica takes the form of the heart inside it.

(He remembers his doppelganger from the events at Castle Oblivion)

Sora: That's perfect!

Mickey: I'll talk to Ienzo. He was in the Organization back then, so he 
might know more.

Sora: Great. Thanks. Wait... (to Donald & Goofy) Do you guys think THEY'RE 
after replicas too?

Goofy: No, they definitely said "a black box."

Riku: Who's that?

Sora: The Organization and Maleficent.

(They look slightly ashamed)

Donald: I guess we forgot to mention it.

Mickey: Aw, it's okay. But there's something you guys should know about 
one of their members.

Sora: Huh?

(They explain what they discovered about Terra)

Mickey: So, let the rest of us worry about Roxas and Namin for now. You 
journey on, and keep an eye out for Terra.

(Donald and Goofy block Sora again)

Donald & Goofy: Yes, Your Majesty!

Sora: Stop that!

(They hang on as Mickey and Riku chuckle)

Mickey: They don't change, do they?

(Riku stands)

Riku: Nope, that's their best quality.

Mickey: Welp, we gave Merlin the vestments for Kairi and Axel. Let's go 
stop by Ansem the Wise's study.

Riku: Right.

(Sora pilots the Gummi Ship to a new world with a tall tower in the 
middle of a deep forest, the Kingdom of Corona)

????????: Why can't I go outside?

??????: The outside world is a dangerous place. You must stay here, where 
you're safe. Do you understand, flower?

(A girl sits at the window of a tower gazing at night sky, her unusually 
long hair trailing to the floor behind her. Her lonely look changes upon 
seeing the floating lights in the sky)

Rapunzel: Those lights appear every year on my birthday--only on my 
birthday. And I can't help but feel like they're...they're meant for me. 
I need to see them. And not just from my window... In person. I have to 
know what they are.

(Some time later, Sora, Donald and Goofy walk through a picturesque 
forest. Goofy puts his hand up to block the sun)

Goofy: It sure is a pretty day.

(Sora stretches)

Sora: Yeah, the weather is great. It'd be perfect for a picnic.

Donald: Why do you think we came HERE?

Sora: Got me, Donald.

Goofy: We'll figure it out as we go.

Donald (sighing): Okay.

Sora: I'm sure we were brought to this world for SOME good reason, but 
can't we sweat it later?

Donald: Fine with me, as long as there's no Heartless.

(They hear a scream and stop in their tracks, looking around for the 
source of it. Then with grunting and a final slide, a man falls down the 
hill behind them. He groans, massaging his back, then looks back where he 
came from, where a troop of Heartless fly down after him. The man gets up 
and scampers away, the satchel on his hip flapping with every step. He runs 
toward the trio with the Heartless on his tail, flailing his arms wildly)

?????: Make way! Make way! Make way!

(Sora, Donald and Goofy part so he can pass them, then summon their weapons)

Sora: Heartless!

(The man finds a rock to hide behind, catching his breath and peering out 
at the group)

Sora: You see? Soon as you mention 'em, they show up!

Goofy: There goes our picnic.

Donald: I didn't do it!

Sora: S'okay. Let's send these guys packing.

?????: Say, since you three seem to know what you're doing, mind if I 
leave this one to you?

Sora: Yup. We'll take care of them. Go on, skedaddle!

?????: You have my thanks.

(The dashing man gives off a sigh)

?????: The horse was enough. Don't need any monsters on my trail.

Donald: The WHAT was enough?

?????: Oh, nothing, nothing. Name's Flynn. Flynn Rider. (pointing) Ohh! 
Watch out, they look mad!

(Donald turns around again and Flynn starts creeping away)

Flynn: Slowly... Slowly... Outta here!

(He dashes away as fast as he can while Sora, Donald and Goofy take out 
the multitude of Heartless. After the fight, they see no sign of Flynn Rider)

Sora: Huh? Where'd Flynn go?

Donald: He skedaddled.

Goofy: I think I saw him go thataway.

(He points toward a spot between the trees that veers into a small clearing 
with rocky hills on each side)

Sora: Huh? But "thataway" is...just a dead end.

Goofy: Yeah. That's puzzling.

Donald: Well, did he?

(Goofy crosses his arms, thinking)

Sora: I say we investigate.

(They search the area for Flynn and approach the rocky hillside ahead)

Donald: He couldn't have come this way.

(Sora sees no exit nearby and turns to face Donald & Goofy, his back to 
a patch of leafy vines)

Sora: Well, at least he got away safe. Right?

(He tries to lean against the vines, but stumbles right through them. Goofy 
turns at the rustling sound, but Sora has disappeared)

Goofy: Hey! Now Sora's gone, too!

(Goofy walks over to the vines and hears Sora's voice through them)

Sora: This way, guys! It's a secret passage!

(Sora stands up as Goofy and Donald pull the vines apart to find a small 
hollow in the mountain. They run through the cave until emerging into a 
small valley with a lone tower standing in its center. Made mostly of 
brick, the tower has vines running along its side indicating it must have 
been there for years. Behind the tower, a waterfall runs over the 
mountainside into a small pond that glistens in the sunlight. Inside 
the tower, Flynn wakes up tied to a green chair by yards and yards of 
golden hair. He struggles to get free and raises an eyebrow as Rapunzel 
steps from the shadows wielding a frying pan. Flynn takes the opportunity 
and gives her the smolder)

Flynn (suave): How you doing? The name's Flynn Rider. How's your day 
going? Huh?

(Rapunzel is unfazed and decides to brandish the frying pan, making Flynn 
wince)

Rapunzel: Who else knows my location, Flynn Rider?

Flynn: All right, hang on, Blondie.

Rapunzel: Rapunzel.

Flynn: Gesundheit. Here's the deal. I was in a situation, gallivanting 
through the forest when I stumbled upon a--

(His eyes go wide)

Flynn: Oh! Oh no no! No no no! Where is my satchel?

(He looks frantically around the room from his position in the chair)

Rapunzel: I've hidden it. Somewhere you'll never find it.

(She continues to threaten him with the culinary club)

Rapunzel: So, what do you want with my hair? To cut it? Sell it?

(She walks around the chair, her hair twisting over Flynn's legs)

Rapunzel: Sell it?

Flynn: No!

Rapunzel: Wait. You DON'T want my hair?

Flynn: Why on earth would I want your hair? Look, I was being chased, I 
saw a tower, I climbed it, okay? End of story.

(Rapunzel looks him over hesitantly before a tiny green chameleon emerges 
onto her shoulder, narrowing his eyes at the sight of Flynn. The chameleon 
looks back at Rapunzel, uncurling his tail and motioning with it, points 
toward the door to her right. She walks over, and Flynn again struggles 
to escape. After convening with her chameleon, Rapunzel places him back 
onto her shoulder)

Rapunzel: Okay, Flynn Rider. I'm prepared to offer you a deal.

Flynn (stops): A deal?

Rapunzel: Look this way.

(She pulls on the chair, twirling him around, and steps onto the fireplace, 
toppling him and the chair over)

Rapunzel: Do you know what these are?

(She pulls apart a red curtain where a mural of the floating lights has 
been painted on the wall. Flynn looks up from his squished position on 
the floor)

Flynn: You mean the lantern thing they do for the princess?

Rapunzel: Lanterns? I knew they weren't stars. Well, tomorrow evening they 
will light the night sky with these "lanterns."

(She points at him with the frying pan)

Rapunzel: YOU will act as my guide, take me to these lanterns, and return 
me home safely. Then, and only then, will I return your satchel to you. That 
is my deal.

Flynn: Yeah... No can do. Unfortunately...

(He lifts himself up with his hands and flips the chair onto its side)

Flynn: ...the Kingdom and I aren't exactly "simpatico" at the moment,

(He includes the air quotes)

Flynn: ...so I won't be taking you anywhere.

(The chameleon appears again and locks eyes with Rapunzel, making a 
punching motion with his front legs. She puts down the frying pan and 
jumps from the fireplace, gathering the strand of hair attached to the 
chair into her arms)

Rapunzel: Something brought you here, Flynn Rider. 

(She tugs on the chair, getting it to stand up)

Rapunzel: Call it what you will: fate, destiny...

(She walks forward, gripping at her hair with each step closer)

Rapunzel: So I have made the decision to trust you.

Flynn (sarcastically): A horrible decision, really.

Rapunzel: I am serious.

(She pulls again, the chair leaning forward, and catches it, her face 
inches from his. He pauses, clearing his throat)

Flynn: Let me get this straight. I take you to see the lanterns, bring you 
back home...then you'll give me back my satchel?

Rapunzel: I promise.

(His eyes narrow slightly)

Rapunzel: And when I promise something, I never, ever break that promise.

(He raises an eyebrow)

Rapunzel: Ever.

(She stares at him intensely)

Flynn (thinking): Oh, what to do? I cannot let her find that tiara. Okay, 
just think... I need the satchel and Blondie has it. There might be more 
monsters out there... I've got it! The three guys in the funny outfits. 
They looked tough enough to come in handy.

(He smirks)

Flynn: All right fine, I'll take you.

(She smiles brightly)

Flynn: But on one condition: my three sidekicks come along.

(He turns his head with a smile. Meanwhile, Sora, Donald and Goofy admire 
the tower in the glade)

Sora: Look at that. A tower! Let's check it out!

(As they near the base of the tower, they see Flynn climbing down the 
stones on the outside with a pair of arrows. He pauses, resting for a 
moment, when Rapunzel flings her hair down out the window, rappelling 
herself down the tower. She stops before she hits the ground and slowly 
extends a bare foot to the warm grass beneath. She takes in the feeling 
of her first taste of earth and kneels down, feeling the ground under her 
hands)

Rapunzel: It's so soft!

(Several dandelion seeds fly into the wind before her and she stands)

Rapunzel: I'm free... I'm really free!

(She starts running, not even noticing the trio as she passes them. Sora, 
Donald and Goofy run over to Flynn as he reaches the bottom of the tower)

Sora: Flynn, good to see you in one piece!

Flynn: Guys! You're here, and just in time.

(Rapunzel steps into the pond, laughing as she steps over the small stones 
lining the bottom)

Sora: Oh... Who's she?

Flynn: Uh, that would be Rapunzel.

(She takes a handful of water and splashes it upwards with a shout of 
glee and loud laughter)

Flynn: Something tells me this could be her first time outdoors. Give her 
a few minutes to get used to it.

Sora (wide-eyed): First time EVER?

(The sun beats down on her golden hair as she takes in her decision. She 
grabs her face)

Rapunzel (happily): I can't believe I did this!

(She grabs her head)

Rapunzel (shocked): I can't believe I did this.

(She spins around)

Rapunzel (excited): I can't believe I DID this!

(She gasps)

Rapunzel (worried): Mother would be so furious if she knew I disobeyed her 
and left the tower...

(She sits on a rock holding a flower)

Rapunzel (carefree): But that's okay--I mean, what she doesn't know won't 
kill her... Right? 

(She cries in the hollow cave)

Rapunzel (sadly): Oh my gosh. This would kill her.

(She runs through the grass, kicking up leaves. Donald laughs while Flynn 
rolls his eyes)

Rapunzel (shouting): This is so fuuuuuun!

(She leans her head against a tree)

Rapunzel (devastated): I am a horrible daughter. I'm going back.

(She does cartwheels through the flowers, wrapping herself in her hair)

Rapunzel (exhuberantly): I am never going back!

(She lies facedown on the ground)

Rapunzel (grief): I am a despicable human being.

(She swings around a large tree by her hair where Flynn and Sora wait for 
her to even out)

Rapunzel (exhilarated): Best. Day. Ever!

(She sobs into her hands at the base of the tree. Flynn walks over to her, 
with the trio following)

Flynn: I notice you seem a little at war with yourself here.

Goofy: A little MORE than a little.

Donald: More like a lot.

Sora: Yeah...

(She stops crying and turns to see them. She gasps and holds out the frying 
pan toward Sora, Donald and Goofy)

Rapunzel: Stop right there! Who are you?

(Flynn steps in-between them)

Flynn: I told you before: my sidekicks.

Sora: Sidekicks?

Flynn: May I introduce, ehh...

Sora: Oh, uh... My name's Sora.

Donald: Donald!

Goofy: And I'm Goofy. Pleasure, ma'am.

(The chameleon appears from under her hair, skeptical of them)

Rapunzel: Sora, Donald, and...Goofy.

(She lowers the frying pan)

Rapunzel: It's...nice to meet you, too. I'm Rapunzel.

Flynn: Yep. My sidekicks.

(Sora grabs Flynn's arm and spins him around)

Sora (whispering): Since when is THAT?

Flynn (whispering back): Look, she really wants to see the lantern show 
tomorrow night. Now, I'm a nice guy, so I've decided to help her. Only 
problem is those monsters might show up again. I can get her to the 
Kingdom--but you guys are clearly more cut out for combat.

Donald: That's cause we're heroes!

Flynn: Uh-huh!

Goofy: And we're Heartless experts.

Flynn: Yeah, yeah!

(They pose together and Sora gives a small laugh)

Sora: Just leave it to us!

Flynn: Done.

(Flynn motions to Rapunzel and leads her forward)

Donald: Rapunzel is interesting...

(The trio walks behind them as Rapunzel admires her surroundings)

Goofy: Yeah, her heart's pulling her all kinda ways.

Sora: The outside world must seem so big and scary. I know how she feels. 
Lucky for me you two came along at just the right time--and the rest has 
been unforgettable.

Donald: Awww...

(Sora realizes he's getting sentimental)

Sora: Yep, unforgettable...just like your face!

(He points at Donald, smiling)

Donald: Oh yeah?!

(Sora laughs as Donald bursts out in anger. Sora runs to catch up to 
Rapunzel and Flynn, putting his hands behind his head. Goofy chuckles 
as Donald seethes)

Goofy: C'mon, now.

(Goofy runs after Sora, and Donald follows)

Sora: All for one, and one for all.

(Soon, they reach a patch of wildflowers and something catches Rapunzel's 
attention)

Rapunzel: Oh, look. What is that? It's so fluffy!

(She runs up to the ball of fluff and inspects it, her fingers grazing 
the surface. Into the air sprout multiple tufts of fluff that, when the 
reach the ground, burst into Puffball Heartless. The Chief Puff itself 
pulls out of the ground and stares at her with its glowing yellow eyes, 
scaring her)

Sora: Heartless!

(Sora, Donald and Goofy run ahead of her and summon their weapons)

Sora: Rapunzel, take cover!

(She runs back to Flynn, throwing her arms around him and using him as a 
shield. At first he is surprised, but smirks soon after, seeing an out)

Flynn: All right, I hate to say it, but I'm lettin' you outta this deal.

(She loosens her grip on him)

Rapunzel: What?

Flynn: It's way too scary out here. Let's just turn around and take you home.

(He tries to get her to walk back, but she whirls around and punches him 
in the chest)

Rapunzel: No. I am seeing those lanterns.

(Rapunzel bravely gathers her hair in her arms and runs back to Sora and 
company)

Flynn: Oh, come on!

Sora: Rapunzel?

Rapunzel: It's okay. I'm not afraid to face them.

(They engage the plant-like Heartless and take them down. Meanwhile back 
at the tower, Mother Gothel has returned to find Rapunzel missing. She 
scrambles through the house in desperation)

Mother Gothel: Rapunzel?

(She runs into her room)

Mother Gothel: Rapunzel!

(She frantically tears down the curtain covering the window, but finds 
no one there. She clutches her face in terror before a glint of light 
catches her eye from beneath the stairs. She opens the bottom step and 
pulls out a satchel. Reaching into the satchel, she removes a sparkling 
tiara and at the sight of it, drops it in fear. Terrified, she looks 
further in the bag, taking out a Wanted poster for one Flynn Rider)

????????: Missing someone?

(She whirls around)

Mother Gothel: Who's there?

(Stepping out from a portal is a man in a black coat with long rose-colored 
hair. The abrupt entrance causes the frightened woman to drop the poster 
as Marluxia steps closer)

Marluxia: She's such a precious gift. Allow me to assist you in getting 
her back.

(Mother Gothel's eyes slowly turn pink. As Sora, Donald, Goofy, Rapunzel 
and Flynn continue their trek to the Kingdom, they find a large field of...)

Rapunzel: Dandelions!

(She runs ahead into the patch of flowers)

Rapunzel: Look! Watch.

(She kneels down and blows on a few of them, sending their seeds into the air)

Rapunzel: Oh yeah, I thought that might work. But I wish there was a way 
to make more fly at once.

(Sora summons an Aero spell, wafting the large patch of them into the air. 
The float past Rapunzel's wide-eyed stare)

Rapunzel: They're just like the floating lights.

(They continue along the path)

Rapunzel: Rabbits!

(They find a trio of rabbits)

Sora: Heartless!

(The rabbits run into the brush at the Heartless's appearance)

Rapunzel: Oh, no, you're not picking on these rabbits.

(After a brief brawl with the Heartless, the rabbits hop back out)

Rapunzel: Don't worry. It's safe now.

(They dash away)
Rapunzel: Oh, maybe they want to show us something. Let's follow them!

(They follow the rabbits to a chest hidden through a path in the trees)

Rapunzel: I think they want us to have this.

(The rabbits hop away)

Rapunzel: Thank you.

(Further through the forest, the group finds a small lake)

Rapunzel: Look at all this water!

(She dashes into the lake)

Rapunzel: It's so refreshing! You have to come in.

(Sora follows her into the lake, where she gives him a little splash)

Rapunzel: See? It feels nice.

Sora: My turn.

(He splashes her back)

Rapunzel: Sora!

(She splashes him again and he covers his face)

Sora: Okay. You're in for it!

(He summons the Keyblade and splashes the water into the air. The water 
droplets sparkle in the clear sun creating a band of colors)

Sora & Rapunzel: Whoa!

Rapunzel: A rainbow!

(They leave the lake and continue through the forest, Rapunzel's long hair 
trailing behind her as they come upon a strange plant stuck in the ground 
in a clearing alone)

Flynn: Okay. That's suspicious.

Sora: Rapunzel...

Rapunzel: Don't worry. I know to be careful around flowers now.

(She winks at him)

Sora: Whatever it is, it's not normal. I'll take a look.

(Sora walks closer)

Donald: Watch it.

(Sora approaches the odd vegetation and examines it while everyone waits 
with bated breath. After seeing no imminent threat from the flower, he 
turns to the group)

Sora: We're all clear.

(They sigh with relief, but too late, as the flower's petals open, folding 
downward as its form changes to that of a creature holding a scythe with 
a familiar symbol on its face)

Donald (alarmed): Sora!

(He points behind Sora, who turns just in time as the pink and white 
creature swings its immense scythe at him. Sora dodges away and summons 
his Keyblade with gritted teeth, joined by Donald and Goofy)

Sora: These guys?

(More of them appear)

Goofy: They're Nobodies!

Rapunzel: Mother said the outside world would be full of ruffians and thugs.

Donald: Those aren't ruffians. Those are...uhh, I dunno...

Sora: Rapunzel, Flynn, stay back!

Rapunzel: No. I want to help you fight.

Sora: I know. But I'm afraid you can't hurt these guys with a frying pan. 
Trust me on this. Flynn, could you explain?

Flynn: No problem. Knowing when to flee is one of my specialties.

(He rushes to Rapunzel)

Flynn: C'mon, Rapunzel. Gotta go.

Rapunzel: But--

Flynn: Look, I wanna stay and slug it out too, but my sidekicks have it 
covered.

(Sora nods with a smile)

Rapunzel: All right. Please be careful, Sora.

(They nod and leave them to it. Sora, Donald and Goofy take out all the 
Reaper Nobodies and regroup)

Goofy: You know who uses Nobodies...

Donald: The Organization!

Sora: Yeah. I'm surprised we haven't seen 'em. (calling out) I know you're 
there! Come out, you has-beens!

(They look around and a corridor of darkness appears behind them)

????????: "Has-beens"? Now why would you say that?

(A tall man with long pink hair emerges from the portal, peering at them 
through yellow eyes)

Sora: Because, bossing around Nobodies? That's the old Organization. 
(chuckling) Why? Are you in the "real" one too? Good for you.

????????: My name is Marluxia, and yes, that is correct. How interesting 
it is to see you again, Sora.

Sora: "Again"?

(He turns to Donald & Goofy)

Sora: YOU know 'im?

(Donald and Goofy shake their heads)

Marluxia: A shame you've no memory of me, because I remember you 
exceedingly well. Although...it's THOSE memories I'd soon erase.

Sora: I don't know what you're saying.

Marluxia: Nor should you. Nor will you ever, for that matter.

(They glance at him with confused faces)

Marluxia: Now, if you'll permit me, I've come to ask a favor.

Sora: Favor? You have got to be kidding me.

(Donald & Goofy nod in agreement)

Marluxia: Please hear what I have to say. I'm sure you've noticed...

(He muses on this for a moment and Sora raises his eyebrows for him to 
continue)

Marluxia: Well, perhaps not. But you should know that maiden with you, 
Rapunzel, is the very light of this world. I would see you guard her 
from its dark horrors.

Sora, Donald & Goofy (surprised): Huh? 

(They take defensive stances)

Sora: Starting with you, right?

Marluxia: All the Organization seeks is balance. You must understand, 
our ultimate objective is not to clash with the light. We seek to 
complement it. Use that Keyblade...to keep Rapunzel safe.

(He vanishes in a corridor of darkness)

Sora: Rapunzel's light...

(Goofy scratches his face and Sora looks around)

Sora: Hey. Where did they go?

Goofy: I guess they musta run on ahead.

Sora: Then we'd better go find them.

(They continue through the forest in search of Flynn and Rapunzel)

Donald: This might be a good spot to find some ingredients.

(Soon the forest turns into marshland and the fog obscures their view 
ahead. Still no sign of them, Sora sighs)

Sora: I wonder where they went.

Goofy: Don't worry. They couldn't have gotten too far.

(A hooded figure quickly hides behind a tree)

Donald: You just had to stop and talk.

(Mother Gothel peers at them from beneath her cloak)

Sora: Hey! Blame the has-been, not me.

Goofy: I think you mean Marluxia. I bet that's the name the has-been 
would prefer.

(Mother Gothel averts her gaze and begins to leave)

Sora (calling): Hellooo? Rapunzel? Flynn?

(She stops at Rapunzel's name and turns back, lowering her hood)

Mother Gothel: Excuse me, good travelers. Do you know Rapunzel?

(They turn to her as she walks toward them and exchange glances)

Sora: Uh, yeah... Sort of.

Donald: Why?

Mother Gothel: My apologies. I'm Rapunzel's mother. The poor child left 
home without a word, and I've just been worried sick. Please tell me: 
where is my dear, sweet girl?

Goofy: We'd tell ya, but we lost her.

Donald: By accident.

Sora: We could look together.

Mother Gothel: Lost her? (scoffs) You're of no use to me.

(She waves them off and continues walking)

Mother Gothel: I'll find her myself.

Donald: She ran away from home?

Sora: What if Marluxia was onto something back there?

Donald: You trust Organization XIII?

Sora: What? No! Of course not. But...what if?

Goofy: I agree. Why is Rapunzel in danger, and what darkness is after her?

Sora: Well, guys, the first step is to find her.

(They search for Rapunzel and Flynn, eventually exiting the marshland 
into more bright forest. Soon, they hear a voice)

Rapunzel: Wh-wh-whoa! Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Easy, boy, easy! Settle 
down. Whoa, whoa!

Sora: That voice!

Goofy: It's Rapunzel!

(Ahead, a terrified Flynn has his back pressed against a rock while 
Rapunzel attempts to calm down a large white horse. The angry-looking 
horse peers at the chameleon atop Rapunzel's head. Pascal motions with 
his three-toed front feet to settle down. The horse, wide-eyed, raises 
an ear and sets his rump down on the ground with a dispirited whinny)

Rapunzel: You are such a good boy! Yes you are.

(She pets the bridge of his nose and his tail starts to wag)

Rapunzel: Are you all tired from chasing this bad man all over the place?

(The horse nods sadly)

Flynn: Excuse me?

Rapunzel: Nobody appreciates you, do they?

(Rapunzel moves closer to give him a hug)

Rapunzel: Do they?

(The horse shakes his head)

Flynn: Oh, come on. He's a bad horse!

Rapunzel: Ohhh. He's nothing but a big sweetheart.

(The horse nuzzles against her)

Rapunzel: Isn't that right...

(She scratches under his chin and peers at the name on his collar)

Rapunzel: Maximus?

(Maximus stamps his foot and whinnies at the attentive petting as Flynn 
gripes on the forest floor)

Flynn: Wha... You've got to be kidding me.

(Maximus glares at him)

Rapunzel: Look, today is kind of the biggest day of my life, and the thing 
is, I need you NOT to get him arrested.

(Rapunzel helps Flynn up and Maximus narrows his eyes at her)

Rapunzel: Just for twenty-four hours, and then you can chase each other 
to your hearts' content. Okay?

(Flynn begrudgingly offers a hand, but Maximus refuses, looking away)

Rapunzel: And it's also my birthday. Just so you know.

(Maximus grumbles softly and offers his hoof. They shake, their scowls 
unbroken. Rapunzel looks ahead, seeing the trio running toward them)

Sora: Rapunzel!

Rapunzel: You're here. And you're okay!

(Behind Rapunzel's back, Maximus punches Flynn in the side and smirks)

Sora: Yeah! You too.

Rapunzel: And look! I made a friend.

(The horse walks over)

Rapunzel: Meet Maximus. You could say Flynn introduced us. And where one 
goes, the other follows.

(Maximus inspects them dubiously)

Rapunzel: This is Sora, Goofy, and Donald. They've been helping me.

(He nods. Flynn gets up, clutching his side and pointing onward)

Flynn (grunting): Come on, the Kingdom's not far.

(They make their way through the wetlands and rocky cliffs where they 
find a clearing with an odd looking tower on wheels. A Powerwild Heartless 
smacks its monkey-butt at them summoning a multitude of Powerwilds. The 
tower shoots cannonballs at them as they attempt to dispose of the 
surrounding Heartless. Once the Powerwilds are gone, the tower's three 
sections topple to the ground and a horse-like Heartless bursts from 
one of the windows, effectively becoming a carriage)

Sora: Whoa, what? It transformed!

Flynn: What is it with me and horses?

(They defeat the Chaos Carriage and enter the Wildflower Clearing)

Rapunzel: Oh, look! I see some birds! This way!

(She runs up to them, but they flutter away)

Rapunzel: Wait! Come back! I must have startled them.

(Sora approaches the birds carefully and guides them to Rapunzel. One of 
the bluebirds sits on his hand and he shows it to her)

Rapunzel: I've never seen a bird like you.

(They gather around Rapunzel and chirp out a song)

Rapunzel: Listen. They're singing for us!

(She smiles and they watch the birds fly off. After sliding down a giant 
hill of flowers, they reach the edge of the Kingdom in full view of the 
castle)

Rapunzel: I just knew the outside world would be full of amazing things!

(Sora walks over)

Rapunzel: And you...you helped me find them. Thank you.

(They cross the bridge and enter the castle town, Rapunzel giggling to 
herself all the way)

Sora: Rapunzel sure looks happy.

Donald: She does.

Goofy: Well, her dream's gonna come true. They're sendin' the lanterns 
up after dark.

Sora: Cool! We don't wanna miss that!

(They enter the Thoroughfare, where Rapunzel has her hair braided and 
adorned with wildflowers. She spots a large tiled mural of the king and 
queen holding their baby daughter. She peers down where a girl is placing 
a flower at its base)

Girl: It's for the lost princess.

(Rapunzel looks up at the baby on the mural, who has green eyes and 
flowing blonde hair just like her. Music starts suddenly, distracting 
her, and she gleefully begins dancing in the street. A crowd of people 
gather around and join in and Flynn stands watching her)

Rapunzel: C'mon, everyone! Come dance with us!

(Sora joins in dancing with the townsfolk)

Rapunzel: This is so fun!

(They dance around the sun-shaped circle of stones on the ground. Maximus 
notices Flynn leaning against him and knocks him forward into the crowd)

Flynn: Hey!

(Flynn scowls at Maximus as Sora grabs his hand, the horse laughing. 
Everyone joins in the sunwheel dance and Sora gives Rapunzel a high-five. 
Flynn and Rapunzel spin into each other's arms as the music stops. They 
pause for a moment looking into the other's eyes)

Citizen: To the boats!

(They break apart at the distraction with soft surprise. The sun sets 
and the trio watch from one of the docks, Maximus from another, as Rapunzel 
and Flynn take a boat to the middle of the lake. They gaze up at the castle 
against the darkly lit sky)

Rapunzel: I've been looking out a window for eighteen years, dreaming 
about what it might feel like when those lights rise in the sky. What if 
it's not everything I dreamed it would be?

Flynn (calmly): It will be.

Rapunzel: And what if it is? What do I do then?

Flynn: Well, that's the good part, I guess. You get to go find a new dream.

(They look up as a solitary lantern peeks out from behind the castle, 
floating slowly up into the sky. Rapunzel hastily stands up, rocking the 
boat and grasping at the stern, as multitudes of floating lanterns pool 
out of the castle gates. Soon the entire kingdom is enveloped in a flock 
of lights floating softly into the air. Rapunzel leans her head on the 
wood as she gazes longingly at the magical sight. She turns back to Flynn 
holding two of his own in his hands. She happily sits back down)

Rapunzel: I have something for you, too.

(She pulls out his satchel and he stares at it)

Rapunzel: I should have given it to you before, but I was just scared. And 
the thing is, I'm not scared anymore. You know what I mean?

(He places a hand on the satchel and moves for her to put it down)

Flynn: I'm starting to.

(They set free their lanterns and they join the swirling bunch in the sky. 
Flynn gazes at Rapunzel, seeing the happiness on her face, then looks 
toward the satchel, thinking to himself. When the festival dies down, 
they dock the boat on the edge of the lake and Flynn gets out)

Flynn: I'm sorry. Everything is fine. There's...just something I have to 
take care of.

(He grabs the satchel and she looks back and forth between it and him)

Rapunzel: Okay.

(Backing away slowly)

Flynn: I'll be right back.

(He turns to leave and Pascal climbs onto her shoulder)

Rapunzel: It's all right, Pascal.

(They both sadly watch him go. From Sora's place at the dock, they watch 
the lights in the sky)

Sora (gasping): Wow!

(They sense a disturbance from behind as Reaper Nobodies appear on the 
wharf. They get up and turn around, irked)

Sora: Could you guys have possibly picked a worse time?

Goofy: I don't think they appreciate the moment, Sora.

Donald: Not one bit!

Sora: It's time for these wet blankets to go!

(They summon their weapons)

Donald & Goofy: Yeah!

(They take care of the Nobodies plaguing the wharf as Rapunzel waits 
by the shore with Pascal. Out of the fog over the water emerges a small 
sailboat)

Rapunzel: Eugene?

(From shore, she sees what looks like Flynn steering the sailboat with 
the stolen tiara in his hand)

Rapunzel: Eugene!

(Unknown to Rapunzel, he is out cold and tied to the mast and helm)

Marluxia: Oh dear... He's run off with the crown and forgotten you.

(Marluxia appears behind her)

Rapunzel: No. He wouldn't. Who are you?

(He doesn't answer and she looks back at the boat, still drifting away)

Marluxia: Forget Flynn Rider. You know where you belong, and it's not with 
him. Now...

(He motions with his hand and two Reaper Nobodies appear in front of 
Rapunzel. She runs away in fear and Marluxia smiles. She runs toward an 
opening between two large rocks, trying not to stumble when her braided 
hair catches on a fallen log. She pulls on it, trying to free it from 
the branch, when she hears a voice)

Mother Gothel: Rapunzel!

Rapunzel: Mother?

(Rapunzel walks back to the shoreline, where the Nobodies have dis-
integrated and Mother Gothel stands with a tree branch in her arms, 
out of breath. She perks up at the sight of Rapunzel)

Mother Gothel: Oh, my precious girl!

Rapunzel: Mother...

(She runs into Mother Gothel's arms)

Mother Gothel: Are you all right? Are you hurt?

(She touches Rapunzel's face)

Rapunzel: M-Mother, how did you--

Mother Gothel: I was so worried about you, dear. So I followed you. And 
I saw them attack you, and--

(She hugs her tightly)

Mother Gothel: Oh my. Let's go. Let's go, before they come to.

(Rapunzel stops and looks back at the boat on the lake. She slowly turns 
back to Mother Gothel, holding a green lantern in her hand. Rapunzel 
pauses as Mother Gothel sets the lantern down and opens her arms, 
beckoning her. Rapunzel's lip quivers and she starts to cry, running 
into her mother's embrace. Mother Gothel strokes her hair as she sobs. 
Sora, Donald and Goofy enter and see the two leaving)

Sora: Hey, isn't that Rapunzel?

(He cups his hands to his face)

Sora (shouting): Wait! Rapunz--

(Marluxia appears in front of them)

Marluxia: Show some decorum.

Donald: You again!

Sora: Marluxia!

Marluxia: The girl has found her dear mother. You should let them be.

Sora: And why is that?

Marluxia: Because Rapunzel is far too important. Atop her tower, she must 
remain out of sight, and live out her days with Mother Gothel.

Goofy: And never see anyone else?

Sora: But that's like...locking her in some prison!

Marluxia: That is EXACTLY what it's like. Rapunzel's hair holds the 
powerful magic of healing. And yes, Mother Gothel wants it for herself. As 
do others. And, if Mother Gothel's actions will protect Rapunzel, preserve 
her...then she is doing the Organization a favor.

Sora: What favor?

Marluxia: Let's say she's keeping Rapunzel on the shelf for us. An extra 
pawn in case you fail to find the remaining guardians of light, and we have 
occasion to call on other hearts of light instead. A New Seven Hearts to 
fill out the ranks.

Sora: "New Seven Hearts"?

Marluxia: Yes. Seven who inherited the princesses' light after their role 
was fulfilled.

Sora: So, you don't care about her. You guys just want Rapunzel for your 
own purposes! Well, you're done here!

(He summons his Keyblade)

Marluxia: Hmph. I just knew you would go and make a scene. Very well, then 
it's lights out for you.

(Marluxia extends a hand, blowing a pink wind toward Sora. He drops the 
Keyblade, his eyes drooping)

Donald & Goofy: Sora!

(They run towards him as his vision gets hazy, his ears muffled)

Marluxia: You always were such a sound sleeper.

(Sora falls to the ground. Meanwhile, Rapunzel lay in bed, her hair flowing 
throughout the floor. She clutches a purple cloth while Pascal looks on. She 
stares up at her ceiling where many of her paintings are. Her eyes grow 
wider and she holds up the cloth where a golden sun is stitched into the 
fabric. Rapunzel looks back and forth from the cloth to the ceiling. She 
sits up to get a closer look, her eyes widening, and she gasps as she 
sees the exact same symbol etched into the paintings on the wall. Over 
and over and over again. They shine down at her, now impossible to miss. She 
sees it in her eye, the symbol of the royal family. Her mind flies to 
the mural in the city plaza with the baby with the golden hair. She 
imagines placing the tiara on her head, her crown as the lost princess of 
Corona. This realization hits her like a cannonball and she falls into the 
vanity in her room, knocking over the stool. The loud thud alerts Mother 
Gothel, who begins ascending the stairs. Rapunzel tries to catch her breath 
as Mother Gothel approaches her room. Rapunzel pulls apart the curtains to 
the stairway)

Rapunzel (softly): I am the lost princess.

Mother Gothel (scoffing): Please speak up, Rapunzel. You know how I hate 
the mumbling.

Rapunzel (louder): I am the lost princess. Aren't I?

(She glares at Mother Gothel, whose eyes grow wide)

Rapunzel: Did I mumble, Mother? Or should I even call you that?

Mother Gothel (dismissively): Oh, Rapunzel. Do you even hear yourself?

(She walks closer)

Mother Gothel: Why would you ask such a ridiculous question?

(She smiles, chuckling it off. She opens her arms only for Rapunzel to 
push her away)

Rapunzel: It was you! It was ALL you!

(Mother Gothel's eyes narrow)

Mother Gothel: Everything I did was to protect YOU.

(Rapunzel pushes past her and rushes down the stairs)

Mother Gothel: Rapunzel...

(She goes after Rapunzel)

Rapunzel: I've spent my entire life hiding from people who would use me 
for my power...

Mother Gothel: Rapunzel!

Rapunzel: When I should have been hiding from you!

Mother Gothel: Where will you go? He won't be there for you.

Rapunzel: What did you do to him?

(Mother Gothel smirks evilly)

Mother Gothel: That criminal's to be hanged for his crimes.

Rapunzel (worried): No...

(Mother Gothel slithers around Rapunzel)

Mother Gothel: Now, now, it's all right. Listen to me. All of this is as 
it should be.

(She goes to pat Rapunzel on the head, but Rapunzel grabs her hand)

Rapunzel: No! You were wrong about the world. And you were wrong about me.

(Mother Gothel struggles in Rapunzel's grip)

Rapunzel: And I will NEVER let you use my hair again!

(Mother Gothel tugs against Rapunzel, the effort causing her to step back 
into the full-length mirror behind her, shattering it into pieces on the 
rug. Her breath comes quick and she looks back at Rapunzel, who walks away 
from her. Mother Gothel seeths with a dark aura)

Mother Gothel: You want me to be the bad guy? Fine. Now I'm the bad guy.

(Meanwhile, a recently escaped Flynn dashes on Maximus over the bridge 
away from the city. The morning sun brightens the sky as he rides toward 
the forest, encountering Donald and Goofy hovering over a still-sleeping 
Sora)

Flynn: Whoa, Max! Whoa, boy.

(They slide just short of them)

Goofy: Flynn!

Flynn: Is Sora okay?

Donald: We don't know.

Goofy: We keep callin' his name and shakin' him, but he won't open his eyes.

Donald: Sora!

Goofy: Wake up!

Flynn: Hmm... Unresponsive sidekick... Wait a minute. I know how to fix 
this! Max, give him a wash!

(Maximus licks Sora's face with his long tongue, rousing him from his 
sleep. Sora opens his eyes seeing Flynn and Maximus looking down at him. 
Donald and Goofy peek into view)

Donald & Goofy: Sora!

(Sora sits up)

Flynn: Well, that did the trick. Nice work, Max!

(Maximus smiles haughtily. Sora stands and holds his head)

Sora: Huh? How did I end up...

(The events come back to him)

Sora: Oh no! Flynn, Rapunzel's being held prisoner!

(Donald and Goofy nod)

Flynn: That's right. In her mother's tower.

(They trot forward)

Flynn: This calls for a rescue.

(He smiles down at Sora and extends a hand)

Flynn: Are you with me?

(Sora gives a small laugh)

Sora: Yeah.

(Flynn pulls Sora up onto the horse with a proud cackle. Donald jumps 
up onto Sora's shoulders and Goofy tags along on Maximus. Suddenly, they 
lose height)

Goofy: Uh-oh!

(Maximus's legs buckle, struggling to hold them up, but his face 
changes to one of determination. He lets out a whinny and stands straight up)

Flynn: Let's go, Max.

(Maximus rears back and charges forward. They race through the forest in 
the direction of the tower, when they are intercepted by a group of Nobodies)

Flynn: Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, Max!

(Sora, Donald and Goofy nod to each other and jump off Maximus, summoning 
their weapons)

Sora: We'll take it from here, Flynn. Go help Rapunzel.

Flynn: Thanks!

(He takes off with Maximus, leaving the Nobodies to them. As they follow 
along through the forest, their path is filled with Heartless. They defeat 
each wave in turn. By the time they arrive, Flynn has climbed up and 
entered the tower)

Flynn: Rapunzel! I thought I'd never see you again.

(He looks up, seeing Rapunzel chained and gagged. Her eyes widen as Mother 
Gothel sneaks behind him, striking a hidden dagger into his side. Rapunzel 
struggles to get free, crying out as Flynn falls over onto the floor. 
Mother Gothel looks down at him, squirming in pain on the stone floor. She 
tugs on Rapunzel's chains trying to lead her deeper into the tower, the 
girl desperate to get free)

Mother Gothel: Rapunzel, really! Enough already! Stop fighting me!

(Rapunzel, pulling back, loses her balance and falls over, the gag slipping 
from her mouth)

Rapunzel: No! I won't stop! For every minute of the rest of my life, I will 
fight! I will never stop trying to get away from you! But...if you let me 
save him, I will go with you.

(Mother Gothel raises an eyebrow)

Flynn (grunting): No! No, Rapunzel...

(Flynn attempts to crawl on the floor but the pain is too great. Pascal 
looks on helplessly)

Rapunzel: I'll never run... I'll never try to escape. Just let me heal 
him...and you and I will be together--forever, just like you want. Every-
thing will be the way it was. I promise. Just like you want. Just...let 
me heal him.

(Mother Gothel releases Rapunzel and shackles Flynn)

Mother Gothel (to Flynn): In case you get any ideas about following us.

(Rapunzel rushes to Flynn's side)

Rapunzel: Eu...Eugene!

(She brushes the hair out of his eyes and he clutches his side, struggling 
to sit up against the wall. She checks at his wound, obviously bleeding)

Rapunzel: Oh, I'm so sorry. Everything is gonna be okay, though.

(She gathers her hair into her arms)

Flynn: No...Rapunzel...

Rapunzel: I promise. You have to trust me.

(She places the hair over his wound)

Flynn: No! I can't let you do this.

(They stare into each other's eyes)

Rapunzel: And I can't let you die.

Flynn: But if you do this...

(She touches his face)

Flynn: ...but if you do this, then you will die.

Rapunzel (whispering): Hey. It's gonna be all right.

(He gives the very smallest of smiles)

Flynn: Rapunzel... Wait.

(He begins to stroke her hair, his face moving closer to hers, and with 
a swift motion cuts off her hair with a shard of the broken mirror. His 
hand falls to the floor, dropping the glass, as her hair turns brown, its 
healing ability lost. She looks down at him in shock)

Rapunzel: Eugene, what--

(Absolute terror erupts from Mother Gothel's face)

Mother Gothel (screaming): No!

(From the strand in Rapunzel's hands, the once golden locks of hair turn 
a deep brown. Mother Gothel tries to gather them up in her arms before 
the magic is lost)

Mother Gothel: Oh no. No...

(Unable to stop the transformation, she grabs her hand, watching it become 
wrinkled and withered)

Mother Gothel: What have you done? What have you DONE?!

(The aging spreads across her body like a weed, her skin turning pale and 
her hair a pallid gray. She screams out in sudden shrieks, her body moving 
feebly, as she covers her decrepit face with her hood. She writhes about 
the room, crossing closer to the window, where Pascal pulls on the long 
bunch of hair, causing her to spill out of the tower. She screams as she 
falls, aging out of existence, the shroud flying downward through the air 
as Sora, Donald and Goofy reach the base of the tower. Marluxia watches 
from the hill)

Marluxia: Fallen to darkness... We can't allow her near our pure light now. 
Her presence would only cast a pall over it.

(He motions with his arm, suspending the cloak in midair surrounded by 
petals of pink. An orb of darkness bursts forth and branch-like limbs 
erupt from within, followed by a tail. Another set of limbs, and the 
creature crashes to the ground, the darkness pulling back, revealing a 
large tree-like Heartless, the Grim Guardianess. It growls down at Sora, 
Donald and Goofy, who summon their weapons)

Sora: What happened up there?

Donald: I don't know, but we have to stop that Heartless.

(The Grim Guardianess flies toward them, its tail moving like a serpent, 
as its large mane of leaves crashes to the ground, sending pollen 
everywhere. Donald and Goofy are sent into a sneezing fit as thorns 
surround Sora. He struggles to get free of the thorns' grip before the 
Heartless slithers around the tower, spiraling to the top. Sora breaks 
free from the thorny tether as cherries fall from the sky. Sora, Donald 
and Goofy race across the hill avoiding the cages of vines that block 
their way, as the cherry bombs explode on impact with the ground. Dodging 
the torrent of bombs, Sora reaches the tower and runs up its stone 
exterior. The Heartless is soon no match for Sora and his Keyblade and is 
knocked from the tower. Inside, Rapunzel clutches Flynn)

Rapunzel: Don't go. Stay with me, Eugene.

(Sora, Donald and Goofy ascend the tower, seeing Rapunzel over Flynn's 
body. She grabs his arm and places it against her hair)

Rapunzel (singing through tears): Flower, gleam and glow. Let your power 
shine. Make the clock reverse.

Flynn: Rapunzel.

(Flynn opens his eyes)

Rapunzel (singing): Bring back what once was mine.

(He touches her face)

Flynn: Hey. Rapunzel.

(She holds his hand)

Rapunzel: What?

Flynn: Rapunzel... You were my new dream.

(The tears well up in her eyes)

Rapunzel: And you were mine.

(Flynn blinks once more and his eyes close, his body falling limp. The 
trio look on sadly as she moves her hand toward his face)

Rapunzel (singing): Heal what has been hurt. Change the Fates' design. 
Save what has been lost. Bring back what once was mine.

(She moves her hand over his heart and leans in closer, her face nearly 
touching his, her song nearly a whisper)

Rapunzel: What once was mine.

(She sobs, a tear falling onto the rogue's skin. It settles there, 
glowing into the shape of a flower. A light bursts forth from Flynn's 
wound, wresting Rapunzel from her sorrow. Sora, Donald and Goofy stare 
open-mouthed at this sight. The healing magic swirls into the air like 
strands of hair, wisping around Rapunzel, her eyes wide. A six-pointed 
flower magically blooms from the wound, before the light disappears inside 
of him. She moves closer to his face, brushing the hair out of her eyes 
as Flynn slowly takes a breath and opens his eyes)

Flynn: Rapunzel...

(She gasps)

Rapunzel: Eugene.

Flynn: Did I ever tell you...I've got a thing for brunettes?

(He smiles and Rapunzel is overcome by joy)

Rapunzel: Eugene!

(She throws her arms around him and he leans on his side to embrace her. 
Sora, Donald and Goofy smile with glee and Sora throws his arms around 
the other two, grinning from ear to ear and Flynn tightens his hold on 
Rapunzel. Later, they all stand at the base of the tower, the warm 
sunlight bathing over them)

Sora: Wow, Rapunzel! You're finally gonna get to see your real home.

Rapunzel: I know! I mean...I can't believe it. I can finally be with my 
real family! I couldn't have done it without your help.

Donald: You're welcome.

(She giggles)

Flynn: Well, from where I'm standing, the Kingdom couldn't ask for a 
better princess. And I couldn't have asked for better sidekicks!

(Sora brushes a knuckle across his nose)

Flynn: Thanks.

Rapunzel: Yes, thank you so much.

Donald: Happily ever after.

(Sora crosses his arms)

Sora: Mm-hmm.

Goofy: Now, Flynn, you and Maximus play nice.

(Maximus and Flynn exchange glances)

Flynn: Huh?

(Maximus whinnies with laughter)

Flynn (smiling): Fine.

(Rapunzel takes Flynn's hand and they stare into each other's eyes)

Sora: You're gonna be great.

Rapunzel & Flynn: Huh?

Sora: We haven't seen the guy controlling the monsters in a while, so 
that's one less worry.

Goofy: But there's still a chance that he might be around here somewhere.

Sora: Well, if he comes back and tries to bother Rapunzel again, then 
Flynn will keep her safe. And we three wont be far behind.

Donald: Come on. Rapunzel's the tough one, if you ask me.

Flynn: True. But nevertheless, I won't let her out of my sight.

Rapunzel (smiling): Oh... Eugene.

Sora: "Eugene"?

Flynn (chuckling): Oh! That's my real name. Eugene Fitzherbert. That's 
right. I never told you guys.

Donald: That's different.

Goofy: I think it's a great name!

Sora: Me too. Nice to re-meet you, Eugene.

Rapunzel (to Eugene): Hey! I thought I was the only one you were going to 
tell.

Eugene (to Rapunzel): Don't worry. I've saved plenty of Fitzherbert-y 
secrets just for you.

Rapunzel (to Eugene): Really?

Sora (pointing): Hey! What are you two lovebirds talking about?

Eugene: Nothing!

(Rapunzel giggles)

Rapunzel: Nothing.

Donald: Hey, you can tell us!

Goofy: Yeah, it's not nice to keep secrets.

Eugene: This one is none of your business.

(Sora chuckles)

Sora: Maximus, get him!

Eugene: Huh?

(Maximus glares at Eugene, an inch from his face, and Eugene stops, 
unsure of what to anticipate. Pascal crawls onto Rapunzel's shoulder 
with a determined look and jumps over to Eugene's, sending his long 
sticky tongue into his ear. Eugene reels back and clutches his ear, 
Pascal jumping off with a squeal of glee)

Eugene: You have got to be kidding me!

(Rapunzel and the rest burst out laughing. Maximus smiles at Eugene, 
waggling his eyebrows as Pascal chills on Eugene's head. Soon after, 
the trio leaves the Kingdom of Corona. Meanwhile, Maleficent and Pete 
look over the sun-lit valley)

Pete: ANOTHER world where we got doodly-squat.

Maleficent: Hmph.

Pete: You sure this box thingy's even real?

Maleficent: Yes.

Pete: Yeah, and just how do you know that?

Maleficent: It is etched.

(She turns away from him)

Pete: It's what?

(She opens a corridor of darkness before her)

Maleficent: Come with me.

Pete: Where to? Those bozos ain't gonna help us. Sora's sure not lookin' 
for the box.

Maleficent: Who said anything about following them?

(She enters the portal and Pete gives a muffled whimper before following 
her. Meanwhile inside the castle at Radiant Garden, Riku and King Mickey 
meet with Ienzo and Aeleus)

Mickey: What? We're too late?

Ienzo: Yes. Even would know about the replicas from his time as Vexen in 
the Organization. He was recompleted like the rest of us, but he didn't 
regain consciousness. After Lea left, he must have woken and taken his 
leave. Aeleus here and Dilan went out and turned the whole town upside 
down to try and find him. But no Even.

(Aeleus says nothing, simply shaking his head)

Mickey: That's not good.

Riku: What about his research?

Ienzo: Unfortunately, his work on the replicas was incomplete. There may 
still be documents around, but all of them from well before he made any 
significant progress.

(He motions to the computer beside him)

Mickey: Do you have any idea where he might go?

Ienzo: There's no place that he could go now that he's human. He has no 
means of leaving this world.

Mickey: The dark corridors--

Ienzo: Are beyond his faculties and mine now.

(Riku realizes something)

Riku: But not everyone's. What if Even was taken?

Mickey: Of course! The Organization could also use the replicas!

Riku: To fill out their ranks.

(Ienzo and Aeleus exchange glances)

Mickey: We'd better go tell Master Yen Sid. And Sora, and the others, too!

(Riku nods. In the Badlands on the outskirts of the Keyblade Graveyard, 
two figures stand atop thirteen pillars of earth. Both in black cloaks, 
the man with blue hair speaks first)

Sax: Humanity is a precious gift. And yet you desire to return to the 
Organization?

?????: Oh, yes...of course. One eradication at Axel's hands was enough 
to learn where NOT to place my trust.

Sax: He gave you a second lease on life.

?????: He ripped me away from the one thing I care about. I don't require 
humanity. Give me my research. I must see it to fruition, no matter the 
cost.

Sax: The replicas.

?????: Yes.

(The hooded man laughs)

?????: Soon they will replace, not just replicate. Given a heart, they can 
become just as real as any human.

Sax: What excellent tidings. I would hate to think we invited you back 
into our ranks only for you to fail to deliver our final vessel...

(The man takes off his hood, revealing the yellow eyes and ashy blond hair 
of...)

Sax: Vexen.

(Sora, Donald and Goofy return to Le Grand Bistrot in Twilight Town to bring 
ingredients they've found to Little Chef. Scrooge walks into the kitchen 
where Little Chef is perched on Sora's head)

Scrooge: Ha! My bistro's future is lookin' bright. The new recipes are a 
smash! Those ingredients of yours must really have got Little Chef's gears 
a-turnin'.

(He takes out a present)

Scrooge: Soon, we'll be chasing customers away. Keep up the good work!

(He offers the present to Sora, who takes it and laughs)

Sora: We try! Right, Little Chef?

(He lifts a finger to the rat, who high-fives it confidently. Later, Sora, 
Donald and Goofy sail the Gummi Ship to a world of doors and monsters. The 
stars twinkle in the night sky as they walk towards a large factory 
building taking in the sights. Sora stops, turning around... There's 
something different about them. As the three finally get a glimpse of one 
another, they jump back in fright, summoning their weapons. Sora holds 
his Keyblade tightly, facing the other two. He takes a moment to 
distinguish the features of the other two)

Sora: Wha...? D-Donald... Goofy... Why do you guys look like monsters?

Donald: You do too!

Goofy: Well, ya both scared me.

(Sora now sports gray striped fur all over his body, a brand new tail, 
claws and spiky ears. Donald walks forward, lowering his wand. His feathers 
are now blue skin, his webbed feet now three-toed claws. His beak shows 
two fang-like protrusions as his tail ends in a spike, and two small purple 
wings stick out from his back. He peers at Goofy from his single large 
eye. Goofy, on the other hand, now has two different sized and colored 
eyes, teal spotted skin and huge claws. Sora looks down at himself)

Sora: Seriously? Is THIS how we blend in here?

Donald: That's right. It's about time you caught on.

(They walk closer to Sora, who scratches his face)

Sora: Could you guys take a few steps back? You're givin' me the heebie-
jeebies.

Donald (yelling): YOU take a step back!

(Sora cowers, sparking a chuckle from Goofy)

Goofy: Come on, I think our new look could turn out to be lots of fun!

(Sora shrugs and looks back up at the building. A large symbol of an M 
with an eye inside is stamped on the outside of the factory)

Sora: Wonder what kind of weirdos live here...

(Goofy crouches next to Donald to whisper in his ear)

Goofy (to Donald): Who'da thunk he'd get so creeped out?

(Donald and Goofy giggle as Sora reads the words above the entranceway. 
There's scaffolding set up over the left side of the message)

Sora: It says, "We Scare Because We Care"?

Donald: That's odd.

Goofy: Doesn't sound very caring.

Sora: If they look like us, then they could be trouble. I think we'd 
better investigate.

(They enter the factory doors and in the large lobby, they see two 
strange creatures. One very large and fuzzy and the other small and 
green. The larger one is holding a young toddler, causing the trio alarm)

Goofy: Oh no!

??????: Weeee!

(The girl pokes out from over the monsters arms. She's wearing an 
oversized pink shirt and tiny pigtails)

???: Boo!

(The big monster turns around and sees Sora and company, the little girl 
squirming in his fluffy claws)

??????: Hmm? I wonder who those guys are.

(The little green monster looks up at the big one through his single 
giant eyeball)

????: What?! Careful, Sulley. If they see the K-I-D...

Sulley: It's fine. We got nothing to hide.

????: But you're the CEO! You set the example.

(Sulley caves and sets the girl on the floor as the green thing runs 
over to the trio, waving his little arms)

????: Guys! Guys, it's not what it looks like. Okay, listen. That kid 
over there just popped out of nowhere!

(He slams his fist into his hand and the trio give him disapproving looks)

????: We gotta call the CDA. Uh... It's a...uh... Oh yeah, a Code 835!

(Sora points his Keyblade at him causing him to clam up)

Sora: Are you trying to scare that little girl?

(Sulley raises an eyebrow)

????: Yes! I mean, no no no!

(He waves his arms frantically)

????: We're done with scare power. Nobody's gettin' scared.

Sulley: Mike, take it easy.

Goofy: You should too, Sora. Ya see? She's happy!

(The girl bounces in front of Sulley, who pets her on the head, making her 
giggle)

Sora: Oh.

(Sora chuckles sheepishly as he and Donald put away their weapons. He 
walks up to the girl and crouches down)

Sora: Hello. My name is Sora.

???: Boo.

(She trots over to him)

Sora: Oh, is that your name? Nice to meet you, Boo.

(She screams excitedly)

Mike: Hold on! You guys really aren't afraid of humans?

Boo: Mike Wazowski.

(Boo points at Donald, who jumps in surprise, staring at her with his 
cyclops eye)

Mike: Come on, Boo! I'M Mike Wazowski.

Boo: Mike Wazowski.

(She continues pointing at Donald, waving her arm up and down. Sulley laughs)

Sulley: Well, you can see the resemblance. That googly bear eye.

Donald: What's going on? I'm Donald Duck!

Boo: Mike Wasowski!

(Sora smiles as she starts chasing Donald around the room)

Goofy: A-hyuck! I'm Goofy.

Sulley: Well, my name's Sulley. And this is--

Sora: Oh, we know. Mike Wazowski, right?

(Boo jumps out from behind Sora as they laugh, but soon hides behind 
Sulley nervously)

Sulley: What's the matter, Boo?

(Behind Donald, a group of blue pointy creatures with red eyes appear. 
They rush to the danger, summoning their weapons)

Donald & Goofy: Heartless!

(Several more appear, bringing with them a giant crab-like creature as 
well, bearing an unfamiliar symbol which catches Sora's attention)

Sora: No... That's not the Heartless's emblem!

Donald: Then, what?

Goofy: And how come I feel like I mighta seen 'em before?

Sora: Well, they aren't friendly.

(Sulley and Mike hide Boo behind the lobby desk)

Sulley: Stay here. Kitty will be back.

(She nods and hides)

Mike: Those guys are right, Sulley. This has got "bad news" written all 
over it.

Sulley: Yeah, we gotta keep Boo safe.

Mike: I'm on it.

(They run to join the trio in the fray, quickly disposing of the 
troublesome creatures. Sulley gives Mike a high-five)

Sulley: All right!

Mike: Nice, Sulley. Even with those extra pounds you put on.

Sulley (smiling): Heh, still runnin' circles around you, butterball.

(Boo peeks out from her hiding place)

Boo: Kitty!

(Sulley shuffles over to Boo as Sora and company keep vigilant)

Mike: So, any idea who those guys were?

Sora: Well...they couldn't have been Heartless...

Goofy: Hmm... It's on the tip of my tongue. I remember the King told us 
somethin' about...nega-tive emotions.

Donald: Unversed?

Goofy: Oh yeah! Them!

Sora: Unversed...?

(Sulley returns, holding Boo)

Goofy: Uh-huh. A while back, the King fought a whole bunch of battles 
against 'em with the three missing Keyblade wielders.

(Sulley and Mike exchange glances and Mike shrugs)

Sora: The same three that we're looking for? Aqua, Terra, and Ventus?

Donald: Uh-huh. We need more dependable help than YOU!

Sora: Hey!

Goofy: Still, how come the Unversed are showin' up now?

Donald: Is it because they use scream power?

(He looks over at Mike and Sulley and stamps his foot)

Mike: Hey, I told you we're through using that!

(Sulley nods)

Mike: Besides, we have no idea who or what you're talking about.

(Sora and Donald nod to each other)

Sora: Oh, you'd really like the King--

Goofy: Uh-oh!

(Donald and Goofy jump at Sora, covering his mouth)

Donald & Goofy: Order!

(They let go of Sora, who tries to rectify the suddenly awkward situation)

Sora: Ummm...basically...we've come from far away to get rid of those 
creatures causing trouble. We're like...exterminators?

(Donald and Goofy nod in agreement)

Mike: Just HOW far away?

Goofy: As far as you can imagine.

(Mike scratches his bald green head)

Mike: Hmm... Okay, okay, let's just say we buy all that. Are those creeps 
dangerous?

Donald: Extremely!

Sulley: They sure gave Boo a scare.

(Boo rubs Sulley's fur and nods. Mike turns to face Sulley)

Mike: Sulley, I know you've missed her, but it's time to postpone our 
playdate.

Sulley: You're right, Mikey. Let's get our girl home.

(Mike nods)

Sora: What are you planning to do?

Mike: It's kind of a long story...but Boo's from another world...and we 
gotta send her back there...to keep her safe.

Sora: Okay, then. We're gonna help you.

Mike: What?!

(Boo reaches for the floor and Sulley lets her down)

Sora: Well, the Unversed might try to cause more trouble, so, we wanna 
come along.

(Sora extends a hand)

Mike: Great!

(Mike shakes his hand)

Mike: We could use a couple of exterminators around here!

Sulley: Yeah, thanks.

(Boo starts running past the lobby and Sulley and Mike join her, 
playfully roaring. Donald crosses his arms)

Donald: You've always gotta help.

Sora: Hey, they need us. Besides, we need to figure out how all those 
Unversed got here.

(The two monsters catch Boo and Sulley bounces her in the air. The 
companion enter the headquarters of Monsters, Inc. and head to the Laugh 
Floor)

Mike (singing): Gotta send her home right now, or so help me... So help 
me! So help me!

Sulley: So, Monsters, Incorporated used to rely on scream power from 
human kids for energy, but now we collect their laughter instead. It 
turns out laughter's ten times more powerful.

(They stop as Boo points ahead)

Boo: Kitty!

Sulley: And we'd never have figured it out without Boo.

Sora: Cool.

Goofy: Our ship's powered by laughter, too! Guess we've got that in common.

Donald: Sora's a laughter machine!

(Sora laughs bashfully)

Sora: Come on, I am not.

(They hear commotion inside the Laugh Floor as Unversed appear inside, 
causing havoc with the door system. Several doors open and the Unversed 
enter, causing screams from the unaware inhabitants)

Sora: Unversed are back!

(They summon their weapons as Mike and Sulley stand agape at the sight on 
the Laugh Floor)

Sulley: This is terrible!

(Mike points at a white door with pink trim adorned with purple flowers 
making its way out of the room on the mechanical system)

Mike: Look! There's Boo's door!

(Sulley runs into the room and Mike notices Boo's wandered off)

Mike: Go get Boo!

(He points to their left and Sulley snatches up the girl, hiding her 
underneath a workstation)

Sulley: We'll have to play another time, Boo. You stay here.

(Sulley joins the others as an Unversed appears nearby. Boo cowers under 
the desk)

Sora: Ready to clean house?

(Sulley and Mike ready their battle stances and help Sora defeat the 
Unversed. After the battle, Mike rushes over to three of the empty door 
stations, swiping a card at each terminal. He smiles as three doors come 
sliding into the room on the rail system. They stop above each station 
where mechanical arms extended from the floor, grabbing the doors and 
pulling them from the rail. They contract back into the floor and the 
machines lock the doors in place)

Mike: Ride's here!

Sulley: Nice.

Mike: Grab on to the door when you're ready.

Sora: Got it.

(Sora jumps onto the station with the green door)

Sora: Ready!

(Mike presses a button on the terminal and the door lifts back up into 
the air. At first nervous, Sora laughs at the ride up as Donald and Goofy 
jump onto the red door station. Sulley, holding Boo, takes hold of the 
yellow door, Mike grabbing Sulley's tail just as the door lifts off the 
ground. Boo chuckles once the doors latch onto the rail system)

Sulley: Boo? Hold on. Don't want you to get hurt.

(Boo reaches toward the floor as Mike climbs up Sulley's back. An invisible 
figure skulks around the Laugh Floor as the doors begin sliding towards the 
Door Vault)

Mike: Boo's door, here we come!

???????: Oh, I just got a great idea.

(The unseen figure sheds his invisible skin, revealing a long, thin monster, 
covered in purple scales. He watches as the doors leave the room. The rail 
systems takes the group through a long tunnel into a gigantic vault where 
thousands of doors hang on rails. Sora, Donald and Goofy gasp in awe of 
the enormous sight. Sora perks up at the appearance of...)

Sora, Donald & Goofy: Heartless!

(Sulley bares his fangs)

Mike: Not here too?!

Sora: Keep Boo out of harm's way. We'll handle the bad guys!

(Sora leaps atop the sliding door and readies his Keyblade, sending bolts 
of energy as they speed by the Heartless. Two Gold Beat Heartless appear, 
spinning their electric chains and striking the railway. Bolts of lightning 
pulse on the rail, forcing Sora to duck for cover behind the wooden door. 
Once the coast is clear, he returns to the rail and finishes off the rest 
of the Heartless that appear before they reach the upper levels of the 
Door Vault. Sora leaps off the rail and the others leave the door behind. 
Mike runs excitedly toward a beige door, Sora trailing behind, and opens 
it, finding only the wall behind it)

Mike: It's offline!

(He slams it shut as numerous Heartless appear behind them)

Mike: We have to power it up!

(Sora summons his Keyblade again)

Sora: More bad guys!

Sulley: Don't worry. I'll watch Boo.

Sora: 'Kay!

Mike: Yeah!

(Mike directs his huge eye towards Sora and they run in the direction of 
the Heartless)

Mike: Sora, we gotta make Boo laugh to open the door! Hurry! Help me take 
out these goons.

(The group battles the Heartless that appear as Sulley shields Boo from them)

Sulley: More of 'em?

(Soldier Heartless surround Sulley, cornering them near a pile of doors. 
Sora plows through them as the others defeat the Vermilion Sambas that 
also appear. The companions group together, each letting out a goofy 
shriek to make Boo laugh, when Sora gets an idea. He grabs onto the 
sufficiently round Mike Wazowski)

Mike: Hey, what are we doing?!

(Sora spins around, sending Mike tumbling toward the Heartless like a 
bowling ball. The Heartless disappear as he comes to a rolling stop, 
clutching his head as his eye wobbles in its socket)

Mike: Whoa, am I dizzy!

(Boo claps, giggling joyfully. The red light above the door lights up 
and Sulley opens it, revealing the pathway inside)

Sulley: The door's open!

(Sulley enters, followed by Boo and the others. Sora closes it behind 
him and they exit through a green door on the other side of the upper 
levels. Sora closes it after they enter and the group looks up at the 
multitude of sliding doors on the rail system)

Sulley: Boo's door!

Mike: Ready? It's time to hitch another ride.

Sora: Cool.

(They ride the rails once again, defeating the impeding Heartless)

Mike: There's Boo's door!

(Sora leaps off the railway attempting to grab on but misses the door at 
the last second)

Sora: Whoa!

(He lands on another rail, eventually sliding down to the lower levels of 
the vault, where more Heartless are waiting for them. They take them out 
and enter a yellow door, coming out onto the other side of a large wall 
of doors inside the factory)

Mike: Boo's door should be right around here somewhere.

Donald: Everybody look!

(The continue through the Factory and Sulley gasps)

Sulley: There it is!

(He runs ahead with Boo in his arms and opens the door, quickly heading 
inside. Goofy closes it behind them and the slithering figure of the purple 
monster appears on the outside of the door, dropping his camouflage. He 
lifts his head, checking that the coast is clear, and silently follows 
them into the now solid white door. The group bursts out the other end 
only to find themselves still in the Factory)

Mike: Wait! How'd we take a wrong turn?

(They turn back to the door, where two eyes and a mouth appear)

???????: Who cares? All that matters...

(The color-changing monster reveals himself)

???????: ...is that it's the last turn that you losers are ever gonna take.

Sulley: Randall?!

(Mike and Sulley glare at him)

Sora: Who's he?

Sulley: A creep we banished for trying to collect screams by force. He used 
to be Boo's scarer.
(Boo also glares at Randall, trying out her own roar)

Mike: How did you even get back here? The door we sent you through is 
sawdust!

(Randall waves him off)

Randall: Yeah, and I almost got turned into somebody's wallet. Lucky more 
me, a real nice guy came along and fixed the door. So here I am.

(Mike clenches his teeth, growling)

Randall: And starting today, I'm numero uno! Top of the leaderboard, baby.

(Randall gets in Mike's face, flashing his wide smug grin)

Mike: Ha! You, a top laugh collector?

(Mike laughs in his face, punching him lightly in the side, causing Randall 
to drop the grin)

Mike: In your dreams, Randall. My laugh totals are off the charts.

Randall: Who said anything about collecting laughs? I'm after negative 
emotions. 

(He touches his chin with a sticky toe)

Randall: And my new factory friends have kindly invaded the factory to 
get 'em for me.

Sora: Negative emotions?

Donald (to Goofy): He's gotta know.

Goofy (to Donald): Yeah, Organization XIII must be helpin' him.

Randall: Laughter's just not sustainable. Once junior chorts his last 
chortle, you've gotta start over. But negative energy? Especially sadness? 
Give 'em something that really breaks their little hearts, and they'll stay 
sad forever. We'll never have to worry about energy again.

(He walks around spouting off and they eye him suspiciously)

Sora: We're not gonna let you hurt anyone like that!

(Randall whirls around)

Sora: Not you OR your little Unversed helpers!

(Sora summons his Keyblade and Randall crosses his second pair of forelegs)

Randall: Just try and stop me. You'll see soon enough. I am gonna be a 
legend around this place.

(He smiles through narrow eyes)

Randall: Now, consider YOUR careers officially over.

Mike: What?!

Randall: And that goes for the rest of you, too.

(He turns around, waving them away, and turns invisible once again)

Sora: Hey!

(They look around, but he's disappeared)

Sora: Where'd he go?

(They hear Randall's voice over the factory intercom)

Randall: We're in control of this factory now. And I suggested a few 
improvements--some real doozies I just know you're gonna love. In fact, 
you're not getting out of here alive.

Mike: That weasel means business! He'll never quit.

Sulley: We have got to get Boo to safety first. Then, we can take care of 
Randall. Time to find a way out!

(They agree and enter the Factory Basement)

Randall: Enjoy what's left of your miserable lives.

(They defeat the obstructing Heartless through the factory)

Randall: Why won't you just fail already?!

(The party ascends a long set of stairs into another room with mechanical 
claws and a large conveyor belt. As Sora and company approach, one of the 
mechanical arms blasts them with a laser, but they dodge just in time. The 
laser blast creates a sizzling hole in the floor)

Mike: Hey! What's with the machines? They've gone totally bonkers!

(The mechanical arm twists and turns erratically)

Mike: There's no way we can take Boo through here safely.

(Boo runs to Sulley's leg with a whimper and the big blue kitty picks her up)

Sulley: This must be what Randall meant by "improvements."

(Donald stamps his foot)

Donald: Bad ones!

Sora: Nothin' we can't handle!

Mike: Yep.

Goofy: Sulley, maybe you and Mike should take Boo someplace that's safe.

Sulley: Right.

Mike: If you find the contraption controlling those things and smash it, 
that should do the trick.

Goofy: Maybe we can use the parts here to avoid the lasers.

(As Mike and Sulley safely hide with Boo, Sora, Donald and Goofy traverse 
the conveyor belt, ducking under the machine parts for cover as the 
mechanical arms pace over the belt with steady laser beams, sending a 
piercing ringing into their ears)

Goofy: I see a machine up there in the cage past the stairs.

Donald: Yeah! Let's smash it!

(They safely get to the stairs and reach the machine. Sora strikes it with 
the Keyblade, sending sparks flying from the various panels, and the 
mechanical arms power down. Sulley and Mike peek out from their hiding spot)

Sulley: Coast is clear. Go!

(They run across the conveyor belt, a smile of success on Mike's face, and 
catch up to Sora and the others. Sulley puts Boo down as the shutter to 
the Ground Floor slides open)

Randall: Yeah, well, that was just a warm-up. The real fun's just starting!

(In the next room, Unversed appear in droves)

Randall: Surprise, losers!

(They take out several of the Turtletoads)

Randall: Look who's starting to sweat.

(The defeat the remaining Flowersnakes and continue through the Factory, 
finding a yellow elevator at the end of the hall)

Sora: Great. The power's out again.

Mike: Okay! We know what to do.

(He looks around, his great iris bouncing around his face in all directions)

Mike: Gotta find...

(He sees a nearby room labeled 'Painting Booth' and smiles)

Mike: Bingo!

Sora: Huh?

Sulley: Uh, Mike? How's that supposed to help?

(Mike runs toward the door and chuckles, waving Sulley towards him with a 
sly look. Sulley approaches and bends down at Mike's command. Mike 
whispers his plan into Sulley's ear, and Sulley nods with artful approval)

Sulley: Heh, that's GOOD!

Mike: Yep, take it away!

Sulley: Nice try, Mikey. I'm not doin' this alone!

(He grabs Mike by the top of his head and walks to the booth)

Mike: Hey! You, not me. C'mon... Sulley!

(Mike struggles to get away as the doors open)

Mike: No. Stop! Sul-ley! Not what I had in miiind!

(The doors close on him and the lights turn on in the booth. Sora and the 
others wait outside with Boo while the machine buzzes and whirrs. Soon a 
bell chimes and the doors open again. Out strides a miffed Mike covered 
in blue and pink paint followed by a similarly-painted Sulley. Sulley 
smirks, nudging Mike. Boo points at them and laughs along with the trio 
and the lights to the elevator flicker on)

Sora: It's on! Nice work, guys!

(They enter the elevator and Sora presses the button on the panel. The 
doors close and they ride it up to the Second Floor)

Randall: It's only a matter of time...

(When the doors open on the next floor, Boo runs out ahead)

Sulley: Boo!

Mike: Come back! You can't run off, kid!

(The two run after her into a blue room with yellow water pipes. She peeks 
out from behind one and giggles)

Boo: Kitty!

Sulley: Oh, there you are.

(They walk towards her when a pipe above them bursts, showering them with 
water and washing the paint off their bodies)

Sulley: That paint was kinda growin' on me!

Mike (smiling): Woo! This is way better.

(Sulley wiggles his body to dry off, splashing Mike with water)

Mike: Agh! Hey, no. Would ya cut that out?

(Sulley chuckles and Boo runs over)

Boo: Kitty!

(Behind her a group of Water Cores appear and Mike gives out a shriek)

Sulley: Boo, c'mere.

(She runs to him and he picks her up)

Mike: Sulley, let's get her outta here.

(Sulley nods and they fall back behind Sora, Donald and Goofy)

Sora: The Heartless are here too?

Randall: Face it, you're doomed!

(They take out the Heartless and continue through the hallways, finding a 
large yellow room. The shutter closes behind them and they are trapped 
with a horde of Unversed and electric-type Heartless, who send bolts of 
lightning through the metal grid surrounding the room)

Sora: Now it's electric fences?

Randall: Start sizzling, boys! This one's got some spark!

(They destroy the Heartless and take down the electric grid, opening the 
door to the next area. They find another conveyor belt with more laser-
powered mechanical arms. Sora jumps back to dodge one of the laser beams 
and Mike lets off a sigh)

Mike: Not THIS again?!

Sora: We'll take care of it.

(Sora smiles back at them)

Mike: Pretty sure the control panel for this place is upstairs.

(Sora, Donald and Goofy follow the conveyor belt doing their best not to 
get singed)

Randall: You chumps ever wonder what microwaved popcorn feels like?

(As the conveyor continues into the next room, they jump off the side, 
following the arrow on the wall to another belt that leads in their 
direction)

Randall: Guess what, losers? I decided to ramp things up a little. This 
next one's a real whopper.

(As they ascend the belt they struggle against the speed of its descent, 
forcing them to hide underneath various machine parts and destroy any 
obstructions with projectiles. After successfully making their way upstairs, 
Sora destroys the control panel in the next room, disabling the laser beams. 
With the room now clear, Sulley and Mike run to catch up with them as the 
shutter opens to the next area)

Randall: All right, I'll give you that one. But no more freebies.

(They enter the control room and Sulley runs to a large shutter that is 
closed)

Sulley: Once we get through here, we're clear.

(Mike rushes over to a giant control panel)

Mike: Yup! This is the central control unit for the whole factory! Now 
whaddaya say we get outta here?

(Sora runs over to the control panel, Donald following behind)

Sora: Let me.

(Mike throws his hands up with anxiety)

Donald: I'll do it!

Mike: Hey, hey! Show a little finesse!

(Mike runs over and Sora & Donald get out of his way. He presses a few 
buttons and then slams his fist on the control board)

Mike: Rats! Randall must have messed this up. Nothin' works!

(More buttons, but the result is the same)

Donald: We can't get out?

Goofy: Maybe it would be faster to just break it.

Sora: That's brilliant!

(He summons his Keyblade to a shocked Mike, raising it over his head)

Sulley: Hang on!

(He runs over holding Boo)

Sulley: Think I've got a better idea. If we can just short it out, the lock 
will disengage. And, lucky for us, Boo is a walking energy generator.

(Mike ponders)

Mike: That might work!

Sora: You're our MVP, Boo.

(Boo giggles and Sulley places her atop his head. He starts to laugh, 
playfully running around the room, and she screams excitedly. Mike and 
Sora run after them, but soon take a spill. Sora knocks Mike into the 
air with the Keyblade, but loses his grip and falls over. Mike lands 
upright on his knees with a triumphant "Yeehaw" before the Keyblade 
falls on top of him, causing him to see stars. He holds his head while 
everyone laughs, causing the control panel to whirr to life. Boo whimpers 
as multiple Unversed appear in the room)

Mike: Hide her!

Sulley: I'm on it.

(Mike readies his fighting stance as the other three summon their weapons 
once again. They defeat the ones that appeared, but more surround Sulley 
as he guards Boo from her hiding spot. The group performs a scream strike 
on the creatures before Sora uses Mike as a bowling ball again. Soon, the 
battle is over and the control panel is surging with energy, but the doors 
still aren't open)

Mike: It's no use. We need a bigger burst of laughter.

Sulley: Would you care to do the honors?

(Mike aims his fingerguns at Boo)

Mike: I'd love to.

(He waves his hands, getting ready, then smacks himself in the face, 
sending his eyeball in various directions with each smack, mimicking a 
bouncing ball. It bounces faster and faster until he gives a final "Tada!")

Mike: 40 - 0. Game and set!

(Sulley looks down at Boo, but she makes no reaction. Mike sighs)

Mike: I'm not cut out for this racket.

(Still no reaction. He clears his throat)

Mike: Come on. It's a tennis joke.

(Sora looks at Goofy)

Mike: Should I've gone with ping-pong?

Sora (to Goofy): Nothin' could've saved THAT one.

Mike (screaming): Wait! Nobody move!

(The trio react in alarm and Mike falls on all fours)

Mike: I dropped my contact!

(He searches the floor while Sulley scratches his face)

Sulley: I don't think Boo's gonna get it, Mike.

(Mike crosses his arms a Sora walks over to Sulley)

Sora (to Sulley): Do YOU get it?

Sulley (to Sora): Yeah, it's 'cause his eye's so big. The joke is you 
can't lose a contact the size of a dinner plate.

(Boo mimics Mike's arm crossing)

Mike (whirling around): Oh, fine!

(Boo roars)

Donald: Aren't you supposed to be good at this?

Mike: I AM once I'm warmed up.

Goofy: Sora, do the Funny Face Special.

Sora: Huh? Whaaat?

(He scratches his head)

Sora: Ugh, if you insist.

(He crouches to Boo's level and drops his head. After a moment of 
anticipation, he perks up his head with the goofiest smile, causing Boo 
to laugh)

Sora: Everybody join in!

(Sora repeats it and everyone makes a different silly face for Boo. The 
control panel goes wild and the shutter unlocks. Sulley chuckles)

Sulley: Sora's aimin' for your job.

(Mike crosses his arms in a huff. They start to walk toward the door when 
Randall slithers up behind them)

Randall: You boys aren't gonna leave without saying good-bye?

Mike: Give it a rest, Randall. You're not gonna get away with this.

Sulley: We'll stop anything you throw at us.

Sora: Yeah!

(Sora summons his Keyblade)

Randall: Maybe you will. Or then again, maybe you won't. I have still got 
an ace up my sleeve.

(Mike scowls as they stand ready for a fight)

Randall: Now...I command you to destroy them!

(He snaps his finger, but nothing happens. He shifts his eyes and looks 
around)

Randall: Eh?

(He turns away from them and snaps twice again, but again gets no response)

Randall: Hey. Come on!

(He scuffles along the floor to a piece of machinery in the corner)

Randall: Move... Move, you stupid--

(He tries to pull on one of the metal spikes of the machine, but it doesn't 
budge)

Mike: Looks like your ace is a joker.

(Randall groans)

Randall: What a pile of junk!

(He kicks the machine and slithers away, seething)

Sora: Wha-- Hey!

(Sora moves to follow him, but Sulley pulls him back)

Sulley: Just leave him. Don't think he can cause us any more trouble.

(He moves an arm to look down at Boo)

Boo: Kitty!

Sulley: Besides, we gotta focus on getting Boo home.

(He pets her and she giggles)

Sora: You're right.

(He dispels his Keyblade)

Sulley: Boo's door has to be somewhere in the vault. If we head outside and 
go through the power station, we can get to the door vault that way.

(They walk to the shutter and it opens)

Sulley: Follow me!

(As they enter the hallway, the door closes and a figure in a black hood 
enters through a corridor of darkness. The figure holds out a hand to the 
machine and oil pools out of it. Randall peeks out from around the corner 
as the oil builds on the edges of the machine, climbing up the sides and 
into every crevice. An Unversed symbol appears on its metal hood. The 
figure directs the wave of oil and machine in front of him and a large 
mouth bursts from the Unversed, causing Randall to grin. Upon reaching 
the Power Plant, they see that it has been set ablaze by Unversed)

Mike: Oh no...

(A helicopter flies overhead and they hear a voice over the radio)

CDA Agent: Disregard Code 835. 72-16 in progress. We have visual on the 
unidentified life-forms. Suspected cause of the conflagration. Code 72-16, 
over.

Sulley: We gotta get to Boo's door.

Sora: Yeah.

Mike: The whole factory--it's a total mess!

Sulley: I know, Mikey. But right now, we just have to keep moving.

(They make their way through the Power Plant and see the Unversed wreaking 
havoc as the helicopter flies in from above, lowering a rope)

CDA Agent: Ready to descend.

(A four-armed monster in a bright yellow suit containing a large tank 
drops to the ground, followed by other CDA Agents with varying appendages. 
He approaches Sora and company)

CDA Agent: Stand aside. We'll get this fire put out, pronto.

(One of the agents behind him points to his left, giving a direction to 
the other, who is knocked off his feet by an explosion. A Spiked Turtletoad 
marches through from its direction, causing the agents to back away. The 
first agent takes out his radio)

CDA Agent: Code 72-16. Unidentified life-form sighted.

(Sora runs ahead of him and summons his Keyblade)

Sora: These guys are OUR specialty!

(The agent moves to the side as the group begins battling the Unversed. 
After taking out the vicious Spiked Turtletoad, several Flame Core 
Heartless appear)

CDA Agent: We have spotted additional unidentified life-forms.

(They continue defeating Heartless and Unversed while also using Water 
spells on the surrounding fire. Once the enemies are taken out, the group 
helps fight the fires with the giant water hoses brought by the CDA. Soon, 
the threat is neutralized)

Sulley: Thank you! You did great.

(The agent salutes him)

CDA Agent: Yes, sir. We'll be on our way.

Sora: Time to go.

Mike: Yeah.

(The group follow the hallways through the Power Plant, reaching another 
outside area where the helicopter flies past them)

CDA Agent: Requesting backup. We need help containing the fire!

(More of the plant is on fire. Heartless appear to block their way to the 
Tank Yard, where the agents are fighting the fire. The helicopter flies 
over the Tank Yard, shining down its searchlight)

CDA Agent: Deal with those life-forms!

(They fight the Heartless and extinguish the fires)

Mike: This way.

(A boom catches their attention as a large blue tank starts crackling with 
electricity. Sulley grabs Boo and the group runs as quick as they can away 
from the tank. It explodes, knocking them all off their feet. Mike's 
breaths come fast and quick as the pipes above burst into flames and 
explode likewise. Another blow to their right causes another explosion, 
dislodging a gigantic pipe above them from its rivets. They run as it 
starts to fall to the ground, sending up a cloud of dust. The passageway 
they were about to use is now filled with broken piping)

Mike: Oh, great. This time we're really stuck.

(Goofy whimpers)

Sora: Sulley, have you got any ideas?

(Boo hops down from his hand)

Sulley: Just gimme a second.

(Boo runs toward something as Sulley thinks. The other watch her as she 
returns)

Boo: Kitty!

(At their confusion, she points ahead at the fallen pipe and giggles)

Sulley: If I'm right about that pipe...

(He makes a fist)

Sulley: Yep, it's perfect. Boo, thank you!

(He pats her on the head and she giggles again)

Sulley: We gotta follow that pipe.

(He starts walking)

Mike: What?! Wait a sec. I thought we were going straight to the door 
vault. The only place that pipe leads is to the cooling tank!

(Mike, walking beside him, blocks his way)

Mike: You sure you don't have a better idea?

(Sulley picks him up by the head with one hand and sets him down to his left)

Sulley: Don't worry, Mike. Just trust me.

(They climb up the busted pipe and into the cooling tank, defeating the 
Unversed that appear inside it. Sulley rushes to a set of doors)

Boo: Kitty!

(Boo follows behind)

Sulley: I'm pretty sure Maintenance hasn't finished patching it up.

(He releases the door from its hinges and sets it aside, pointing)

Sulley: This way.

(Boo giggles and they run inside. Mike looks at his surroundings)

Mike: Wait a second... It's the door vault!

Sulley (smiling): Yep. What'd I tell ya?

(Mike puts his hands on his hips)

Mike: Sure, nice job, Sull. Seriously, if I didn't know any better...I'd 
say you actually ran the place.

(He gives his friend a sly smile)

Sulley: Thanks, Mikey. All right, it's not much farther.

(They traverse the Vault Passage and enter another hallway. The floor is 
covered in a black substance)

Donald: Hey! What's this black goop?

Goofy: Gawrsh, it looks like some kinda trail.

(They follow the trail of sludge into the Door Vault)

Sulley: Everybody look for Boo's door.

(They hear a snicker as a certain purple fiend slithers in)

Sulley: Randall...

Mike: Didn't you learn your lesson with that pile-of-junk fiasco?

(Randall scoffs)

Randall: Oh, I learned a lot.

(He walks aside, pointing out the very same pile of junk behind him. Its 
existence there startles them, but Mike quickly waves it off and moves 
closer. The Unversed symbol appears on its hood, which scares Boo, who 
hides behind Sulley)

Sulley: Wait, Mike. Something's different!

(Sulley picks up Boo and leads her to safety as Sora, Donald and Goofy 
run up to Mike)

Mike: Oh, please. It's just more junk.

(Randall cackles from a high ledge, distracting Mike from the ooze seeping 
out behind his back. He turns around to see an enormous Lump of Horror 
rising up from the machine. Mike shivers and backs away, Sora and company 
running to his rescue)

Sora: An Unversed!

(Mike lands on his butt as the blobby creature opens its mouth wide, 
scream containers bursting from the goo. Sulley grabs Mike by the head and 
lifts him up)

Sulley: Mike, time to reach down and let the scary out.

(Mike smiles, then smacks his own face, Sulley letting him down to the floor)

Mike: Oh, I'm ready, Sulley. I'm ready!

Randall: Finally... This is exactly what I need to take over the company. 
But first, I am getting rid of YOU.

(He looks down at Mike and Sulley)

Randall: Attack!

(The Lump of Horror plants itself into the floor, spreading itself across 
swipes of ooze where Tar Hands burst from the ground, tossing fireballs at 
the party. They take out the Tar Hands and dodge out of the way as the 
great lump barrels towards them. It sinks into the floor for a moment 
before exploding in a swell of oil, sending it all across the floor and up 
the walls. The main body of the Unversed raises itself up in the center 
of the room, sprouting wings on its jack-o-lantern face, as a hundred Tar 
Hands emerge from the walls and floor. The hands attempt to claw at them 
but are quickly subdued. As Sora approaches the Lump of Horror, it strikes 
with a gust of wind from its great wings, sending him back into the Tar 
Hands clutches. As the group destroy the hands, the Unversed absorbs the 
oil back into its body and emits steam from the canisters of scream 
stuck inside it, also sending a cluster of fireballs in their direction. 
Knocking the fireballs back at it causes the Lump of Horror to lose 
control of its form, dripping oil everywhere. It falls to the floor in 
a silent puddle, leaving a pile of machinery and scream canisters, which 
Randall scuttles over to, whimpering)

Randall (screaming): Whyyy?!

(Randall begins kicking the debris as Mike looks over to a door which was 
previously restored from wood chips. He waves for Sulley's attention and 
quickly does a series of charades to get his point across without speaking. 
Door. Randall. Pointing. Strangle? Obviously, Sulley doesn't understand. 
Mike grunts in frustration, then makes a quiet roar)

Sulley: Ah!

(He gives Mike a double thumbs-up and Mike rolls his eyes in relief, as 
Sulley runs forward)

Donald: Where are you going--

(Goofy grabs Donald to silence him as Randall turns toward Sulley in 
surprise. Sulley bellows loudly in Randall's face. Not long after, they 
show Randall the door. Mike turns the knob and opens it)

Mike: All right, and in ya go.

(Randall grits his teeth and Boo roars at him from Sulley's arms)

Sulley: There's no place for you here anymore, Randall. Now we're in the 
business of making children laugh.

(He looks down at Boo, smiling, and she giggles. Randall scowls back at them)

Randall (yelling): You think it's funny?

(He points with two of his arms and Mike puts a hand on his shoulder)

Mike: Hilarious! The more that you whine, the funnier it gets.

(Mike smiles haughtily and Randall growls in anger, before accepting defeat. 
He pushes Mike away and walks toward the door)

Sulley: Enjoy your extended vacation.

(Randall seethes)

Randall: You clowns are gonna be sorry when I find my way back and I 
finally take over this place!

(Mike follows him to the door and Randall steps inside. Mike overhears)

Trailer Son: Mama, that gator's in the house again!

Trailer Mom: Are you kidding?! Oh, this time, he's in for it. C'mere!

(Mike grins widely as they start beating up Randall from beyond the door)

Randall: Ugh! Oof! Ahhh!

(Mike recoils with a grimace)

Trailer Mom: Get back here!

(Randall screams and Mike chuckles)

Mike: So long! Smell ya later.

(He closes the door with a smile and Sulley walks up to the door)

Sulley: And now we just need to do one last thing.

(He reaches an arm back to smash the door)

Sora: Hang on! I have a way to lock him out.

(Sora walks forward and summons the Keyblade, aiming it at the door. A 
Keyhole appears on the door and the Keyblade glows, sending a beam toward 
the Keyhole. A bright light shines and they hear a clicking sound as the 
Keyhole disappears. A warm glow envelops the locked door and it rises into 
the air, vanishing)

Donald: And that takes care of that.

Goofy: Uh-huh.

(Sora gives a sheepish chuckle. Later, they finally find Boo's door and 
jump up to it, Mike and Sulley hanging from the rails)

Sulley: Okay, Boo. Time to go home. You must be tuckered out, but we'll 
play together real soon.

(The rail buckles and begins to slide the door along, with Sora, Donald and 
Goofy following on their own red door. They each give their own excited 
shouts)

Mike: What NOW?!

(The doors arrive at the Laugh Floor, and the group jump off as they lock 
in their terminals. A hooded figure steps toward them, sending Sora on the 
defensive)

Sora: Who are YOU?

???????: Gotta say, that strange facade had me fooled at first, brother.

(The figure takes off his hood, revealing a dark reflective helmet)

Sora: Wait a sec...

(He gasps)

Sora: Oh yeah! You were at the cathedral! And hey! Who are YOU to call 
anyone strange?

Goofy: Say, do we know this guy?

Donald: Uhhh...

???????: We haven't ever met in the flesh. I am Vanitas.

(Goofy and Donald act in surprise)

Sora: This is the part where you spout some mumbo jumbo and disappear, right?

(Vanitas walks through one of the workstations)

Vanitas: This whole world...was powered by scream. They converted the 
screams of human children into energy.

(He picks up one of the scream canisters)

Vanitas: And this very company was what made it all happen. It's as rich 
a source of negative emotion as we'll ever find.

Mike (angrily): For the last time, we already stopped doing that!

Vanitas: Did you? Then how do you explain all these canisters of surplus 
scream?

(He holds the canister up)

Vanitas: This facility was everything I could hope for. And I was lucky 
enough to find a pawn whose heart was darkened by thoughts of revenge.

(He juggles the canister in the air)

Mike: You mean Randall.

Sulley: All Randall ever cared about was winning. And this guy took 
advantage of that weakness.

Vanitas: My heart is made of just one thing. And the Unversed collected 
enough screams and sadness from those children to reconstruct it.

Mike: Yeah, and the whole time they were trashing our company in the 
process!

(Sulley holds Mike back from rushing at Vanitas, but Mike struggles against 
the grip on his head)

Vanitas: But, even with all this negative emotion, my heart is still 
incomplete. I need something else.

(He drops the canister. It clangs to the ground before screaming off into 
the air)

Sora: Whoa!

(Sulley dodges away, taking Mike and Boo with him. They watch as the 
canister flies around the expansive room, bouncing off the walls until 
it runs out of scream and crashes to the floor. Mike and Sulley scowl 
as it rolls to Sora's feet)

Vanitas: The half of me that sleeps on...inside of your heart.

(Sora turns around and gasps as Vanitas holds his Keyblade just inches 
from him. A voice bursts from Sora's chest)

Sora/Ven: Vanitas!

(Sora is taken aback at his own outburst)

Vanitas: Ventus... What a strange place to slither off to...

(He creeps closer to Sora, holding out his hand)

Vanitas: ...you insignificant speck.

(Sora knocks his hand away)

Sora: What are you talking about?

(Mike, Sulley and Boo sneak carefully through the workstations out of 
sight of Vanitas)

Vanitas: Oh, you wouldn't remember. When you were little...you formed a 
special bond, with a boy named Ventus who joined with your heart.

Donald: Ven!

Goofy: Is he sayin' that one of the missing Keyblade wielders is inside 
Sora's heart?

Sora: How is that possible?

(A dark mist swirls around them)

Vanitas: Now, you will return Ventus to me.

(Vanitas swings his Keyblade, releasing a dark wind and Sora feels a tug on 
his heart. He catches himself upon falling to the floor as Donald and Goofy 
shield him from the front)

Sora: Donald...Goofy...

(Goofy struggles, holding back the dark wind with his shield)

Goofy: The King told us about this. Ventus wasn't able to defeat Vanitas. 
They struck each other down, and then the King said that Ventus's heart 
never returned to him!

Donald: You're not gonna do that to Sora! No way!

(The wind is blasted away)

Vanitas: Stay out of this.

(With a wave of his arm, he swipes Donald and Goofy away in a streak of 
darkness. With Sora left defenseless, they gasp)

Donald & Goofy: Sora!

(Vanitas walks closer as Sora stands and summons his Keyblade. Vanitas 
knocks it away in seconds with his own and aims it at Sora's chest. The 
image of Ventus is superimposed over Sora)

Vanitas: Join your heart...with mine!

(Vanitas releases another dark wind just as Sulley appears behind him)

Sulley: Made you look!

(He roars ferociously and Boo covers her eyes, while Mike covers her ears. 
Vanitas drops his Keyblade as Sulley grabs and lifts him up. He struggles 
against Sulley's firm grip)

Vanitas: Let me go!

(Another set of doors slide into the room, brought by Mike)

Mike: Over here, Sulley!

(Sulley runs over, tossing Vanitas inside the door)

Sulley: Close it! Quick!

(Mike slams the door and Sulley grabs it as Mike runs to the next terminal 
and opens a second door. Sulley tosses the door inside the second door, 
and the process repeats with a third, and then a fourth door. Finally, the 
fourth door is shredded into sawdust with glee. Sulley and Mike high-five 
and Boo dances)

Sulley: Boo!

Mike: Hey!

(The two then high-five Boo)

Sora: That was awesome!

Donald: Thank you!

Goofy: We owe ya.

Sulley: No, WE should be thanking YOU. We never woulda managed to get Boo 
this far if you hadn't come along to help.

Mike: And finally, we found her door.

(Boo giggles and Sora walks over to her)

Sora: Boo, I know how excited you were to come play with Mike and Sulley. 
Sorry we dragged you into this.

Donald: Watch it! You're gonna scare her with that face!

Sora: Hey, you are WAY scarier.

Goofy: Gawrsh, I think you're both scary.

(The group laughs at Sora and Donald's expense)

Sulley: Okay, Boo. Time to go.

Boo: Kitty...

Mike: We'll catch up soon, kid.

Boo: Mike Wazowski!

(Mike turns, seeing Donald behind him)

Mike: No, that's Donald, Boo.

Boo: Mike Wazowski.

(She runs up to Mike and hugs him. Surprised, he smiles and pets her on 
the head)

Mike: Better. I'll see ya, kid.

(He waves as Sulley leads her to her flowery door)

Sora, Donald & Goofy: Boo!

(They reveal a trio of silly faces from under their hands)

Sora, Donald & Goofy: So looong!

(Boo laughs and waves goodbye. Later, the trio returns to the lobby with 
Mike and Sulley)

Sora: Sorry for all the headaches we caused.

Sulley: Don't mention it. And actually, it was kinda nice havin' a little 
adventure for old times' sake.

(Mike nods)

Mike: Yeah, the flying and the falling--and hey, let's not do that paint 
thing again--but nothin' like running for our lives to get the heart pumping!

(Sora chuckles)

Donald: I had a great time.

Sora: Donald! All you did was complain!

Donald: I did not.

Goofy: Any chance that we can drop by again?

Mike: The door's always open.

Sulley: And maybe Boo can join us!

(He extends a hand and Sora takes it)

Sora: Yeah.

(Donald shakes Mike's hand while Sulley and Goofy nod)

Sora: Bye!

(They back off to the entrance, waving)

Donald: Good-byeee!

Mike: For the record, I still get the most laughs!

Sulley: Happy exterminating!

(Sora chuckles and shrugs at Donald and Goofy)

Sora, Donald & Goofy: Thank you!

(The group returns to the gummi ship. Sora taps his foot and a finger 
impatiently to the concern of Donald and Goofy. Sora stands up on his 
chair, turning back to them)

Sora: We should go to the realm of darkness!

Donald: No way!

Goofy: You can't go there until you get the power of waking!

Sora: But come on, we have to do something! If we don't act, the 
Organization's gonna win!

(Donald and Goofy exchange worried expressions and Jiminy jumps onto Sora's 
shoulder)

Jiminy: Sora, do you even know how to get to the realm of darkness?

(Sora's realization garners a sigh and he takes out his gummiphone)

Sora: Well, Riku and the King do.

Donald: They won't tell you.

Goofy: Nope, not until you complete your own mission.

(He looks back at them sadly, and slumps, defeated, back into his chair, 
letting out an angsty shout and staring at the ceiling. Suddenly, his 
gummiphone begins to ring)

Sora: Huh?

Donald & Goofy (excited): The King?

Sora (excited): Riku?

(He answers the phone and neither Riku nor the King appear)

Ienzo: Is this a bad time?

(They sigh)

Sora: Ienzo.

(Ienzo pauses at this unorthodox response)

Ienzo: So, I have some news about Ansem's Code and the replica we need 
for Roxas's heart.

(Jiminy hops up again to see the screen)

Jiminy: Oh!

Sora: And...?

Ienzo: First, the replica. Even is still missing, but we found some of 
his research. I'll see what I can learn from it.

Jiminy (bowing): You've got our thanks.

Ienzo: As for Ansem the Wise's data, we've discovered a very interesting 
passage. I'll read you exactly what he wrote. "I have discovered three 
unique hearts inside of Sora's. One is Roxas. The second has been with 
Sora for nearly as long. And a third has resided in Sora's heart for even 
longer--most of his life, in fact. This is a truly astonishing discovery. 
While these hearts have now melded with Sora--grown silent and indistinct--
Sora retains the memories of all three. The memories have been compartment-
alized--each placed in its own 'box,' so to speak. I surmise the hearts 
can be awoken, provided that each of them is returned to the box that 
contains the correct memories. Unite the heart with its memories, and 
provide it a suitable body within which it may flourish, and I believe 
any or all three of these people can be made real again."

Sora: Roxas and TWO MORE?

Jiminy: Who else?

(Sora thinks and Jiminy hops down)

Sora: Oh. Thanks, Ienzo.

Ienzo: Certainly. Take care.

(The call ends)

Donald: Three different hearts...

(Sora puts the phone away)

Goofy: One of them's Roxas. The other one must be Ventus.

Donald: You're gonna believe what Vanitas said?

Goofy: Well, uh...it's kinda all we got to go on.

(They think for a second)

Goofy: Sora, do you know who the third one might be?

Sora (shaking his head): Uh-uh.

Donald (teasing): 'Cause Sora can't count.

Sora: Hey! That's not related.

(They begin to laugh)

Sora: Donald...

(The gummi ship sails on. Meanwhile, on the edge of a dark beach, a young 
woman in blue sits with a cloaked man, his blonde beard just visible 
beneath his hood)

Ansem the Wise: Tell me, will you stay here?

Aqua: I can't shake the feeling that these waters touch another shore 
I've visited.

Ansem the Wise: The Destiny Islands.

Aqua (surprised): You've heard of them?

Ansem the Wise: Yes. They are quite lovely--a far cry from this wasteland.

(She crosses her arms over her legs, staring out at the light far over 
the water)

Aqua: I'm staying. Someone will come for me.

Ansem the Wise: These waters are the in-between of dark and light, its 
shores the margins of day and night. They brought you and I together, so 
why not also you and another?

(She nods)

Aqua: Yes.

(Some time later, Aqua senses an approaching presence)

Aqua (turning back): Who's there?

(Ansem the Wise follows suit, seeing the arrival of his usurper, Ansem, 
Seeker of Darkness)

Ansem the Wise (angrily): You...

(They stand to face him, ready for conflict)

Ansem: Master...I must have a word with you.

(Ansem the Wise doffs his hood, glaring at him through orange eyes)

Ansem the Wise: "Master"? So now you mock me.

(Ansem walks nearer to them)

Ansem: Do you recall those experiments of the heart you bade me cease? 
Among the test subjects was a girl. She had lost her memory, just as I 
had. But...you can reconstruct memories. You did with Sora. I believe you 
have seen the girl's memories.

Ansem the Wise: What is your question?

Ansem: Where did you put the girl?

Ansem the Wise: What girl?

Ansem: Very well. If you won't tell me here...

(He reaches for Ansem the Wise, but Aqua knocks his hand away, standing 
between the two of them)

Aqua: I think you should go.

(Ansem looks Aqua over and raises his eyebrow)

Ansem: A lost guardian of light?

(He scoffs)

Ansem: You wait here...for the King and his fool.

(Ansem crosses his arms with a smile, and the earth shakes as a black 
creature with glowing yellow eyes emerges from the ground behind him. The 
Dark Figure reaches back with its muscular arms and punches Aqua away. She 
lands on her feet on the sand)

Ansem the Wise: Where's your Keyblade?

Aqua: Don't need it!

(She runs forward with a leaping kick to the Dark Figure's bandaged face. 
She jumps off its arm, but it grabs her by the leg before she can get away. 
It lifts her up to look her in the eyes as she struggles. Ansem the Wise 
runs up, waving his arms)

Ansem the Wise: No more! I'll go.

(Ansem chuckles evilly)

Ansem: You are wise.

(Aqua breaks free, spinning downward to land a kick on Ansem, but he blocks 
with his arm. She leaps off the arm and lands back near the water)

Ansem the Wise: Poor thing. I mustn't leave you with nothing.

(Energy begins to swirl between the Dark Figure's hands as a massive orb 
of darkness emerges. At the apex, the orb bursts from the Figure's chest, 
striking Aqua at high speed, sending her screaming into the murky waters. 
Ansem the Wise rushes to the water and falls to his knees helplessly. Aqua 
sinks deep into the water, darkness spreading over her heart)

Aqua: What...is this feeling?

(The darkness envelops her body as she drifts deeper into the abyss. 
Meanwhile on the Gummi Ship, Sora's phone rings. Sora answers it, seeing 
Dale on the screen)

Dale: Hiya, Sora.

Sora: Hey, Dale. What's up?

Dale: Chip just got a message from Merlin.

(He yells off-screen)

Dale: Chip! I got him!

(No response)

Dale (waving): Hey, Chipper!

(Chip hops onto the screen)

Chip: Hi, Sora!

Sora: Hi, Chip. Does Merlin need us for something?

Chip: Yep, I think it's got something to do with some kind of book. He 
said he'll have a cup of tea while he waits for ya.

Dale: A cup of tea where?

Chip: Oh no! He said tea, but he didn't say where.

Dale: Do you mean he left before you could find out?

Chip: He's a tough wizard to pin down.

(Chip crosses his arms while Dale sighs)

Chip: Anyway, message delivered. Bye!

(Dale waves and the call ends)

Sora: Where could he be having tea?

Donald: I don't know.

(They pause for a moment to think)

Goofy: Say, if you were gonna have a cup of tea, wouldn't you wanna have 
it at the best restaurant you could find?

Sora: Ohh... Of course!

Donald: Little Chef's bistro.

Goofy: Yeah! Let's go drop by Twilight Town, and we can see if Merlin's 
there.

(The Gummi Ship takes off toward Twilight Town. They enter the Tram 
Common, where Merlin is sipping tea at Le Grand Bistrot, his large carpet 
bag at his feet)

Merlin: Ah, greetings, gentlemen. What brings you all the way out here? 
Besides the finest tea this side of Big Ben, of course.

(He chuckles)

Sora: Huh? But...Merlin, I thought that you asked us to stop by.

Merlin: Gracious, did I?

Sora (nodding): Mm-hmm.

Goofy: Didn't ya leave a message for us with Chip and Dale?

Donald: About a book?

(The wizard raises a finger)

Merlin: Ah! Yes, the book. That's right.

(He taps his wand against the carpet bag and it opens. Out floats a 
familiar children's book labeled "Winnie the Pooh")

Merlin: Behold.

(Sora grabs onto the book)

Sora: Hey, this is...

(They inspect the cover. The titular bear sitting alone on a log beneath 
the stars)

Donald: Sora's not on it.

Goofy: Did somethin' happen?

Merlin: Well, that's what you need to find out, lad.

(Sora contemplates before handing Donald the book)

Sora: Okay, I'll see you in a bit.

(Sora aims his Keyblade at the book)

Goofy: Take care.

Merlin: Yes, and good luck.

(The blade glows and with a flash, Sora becomes particles of light that 
fly into the storybook. In the familiar landscape of Rabbit's Howse, 
Winnie the Pooh sits near the front door with his best friend Piglet, 
a paw to his temple)

Pooh: Oh, bother. Think, think, think... Think, think, think...

Sora: Pooh Bear!

(Piglet looks over as Sora enters)

Sora: You okay?

Pooh: Oh! Hello there, Sora.

(Pooh giggles and stands up)

Pooh: You're home.

Sora: Uh...huh? Good to see you, Pooh. And you, too, Piglet.

Piglet (cheerfully): Hello.

Sora: You're not in trouble? But I thought something odd must be going on.

Pooh: Hmm, let me see... I don't remember anything oddish, but perhaps 
I've forgotten. Think, think, think...

Rabbit: Oh, we've got trouble all right!

Pooh: Think, think, think... Oh, bother.

(Rabbit walks up)

Piglet: Would that be the Rabbit sort of trouble?

(Rabbit crosses his arms and glares at Piglet)

Piglet (shaking): S-s-s-sorry, please continue.

(Sora chuckles)

Roo: Sora!

(Sora looks over and sees a large lavender elephant walking towards 
them, with Roo aboard its back)

Sora: Wow! Who's this?

(Roo leaps over his head and slides down his trunk)

Roo: It's okay. He's my friend.

(Sora approaches and leans down)

Sora: Hi, I'm Sora.

Lumpy: And I'm Lumpy! It's nice to meet you!

(The Heffalump stomps the ground happily and Gopher bursts from the soil)

Gopher: Sufferin' sassafras! Stomp around a little louder, why don't ya?

Lumpy: Oh! Gopher, I'm sorry.

Piglet: I kind of like it when the ground gets bouncy.

(Gopher turns toward Piglet)

Gopher: Well, I suppose if something has to bounce...

(He turns to look behind Sora)

Gopher: Speaking of...

(A bounce. Then another bounce. Then another, and another, until...)

Sora: Hmm?

(Sora turns around and gets tackled by the one and only Tigger)

Tigger: Back for some more bouncin', Sora?

(Sora smiles wide)

Sora: Tigger!

Tigger: C'mon, let's go! You too, Roo!

(He bounces on his striped tail and Roo follows)

Roo: Yippee!

(Roo starts laughing)

Lumpy: Me too! Me too! I wanna bounce!

(Lumpy and Roo bounce around in circles as Piglet and Gopher feel the 
effects on the ground)

Pooh: Think, think, think...

Tigger: Oh yes, it is time for bouncin'! Say no more! All would-be 
bouncers are welcome.

Pooh: Oh, I remember now. Rabbit's trouble is harvest related.

Rabbit: Well, thank YOU for remembering my plight, Pooh. Better late than 
never.

(He addresses the bouncing buddies)

Rabbit: EXCUSE ME!

(They ignore Rabbit and keep bouncing)

Rabbit: Would anyone else care to remember why we're here?

(Rabbit walks toward them and they stop to think)

Pooh: As I recall, we came to help you with your garden, Rabbit. After 
which, perhaps, you'll invite us in for a smackeral or two of honey?

Rabbit: Correct.

(He shakes his head, whirling around)

Rabbit: No. No! I mean, we'll see about that, Pooh. Now, the garden, if 
you please?

(Sora walks over)

Rabbit: You can help, too, Sora.

Sora: What? Me too?

(Together, they help Rabbit pick vegetables. A delighted Rabbit holds a 
bounty of bright orange carrots in his arms)

Rabbit: What a harvest!

Piglet: Thanks to Sora's help.

(Rabbit puts down the carrots)

Rabbit: Yes, quite right. Thank you, Sora!

(Tigger's back at it)

Tigger: Well, how's about a little more bouncin'?

Rabbit: Oh no, no no no! There's no bouncing in farmwork!

Roo: Aww, no bouncin' at all?

Tigger: Huh?

Lumpy: I want to bounce.

Gopher (holding his head): Whippersnappers and their bouncing...

(Piglet giggles)

Pooh: Excuse me, Rabbit. The carrots are very nice, but might you have 
some honey to go with them?

Rabbit: Now's not the time, Pooh. If I give you any honey here, I'll just 
end up with a bear stuck in my front door, AGAIN.

Sora (looking around): Well, looks like your problem's solved. Guess I'll 
be on my way.

(He starts to leave)

Rabbit: Solved? Oh, it's far from solved. We still need to harvest the fruit!

(Sora sighs softly)

Pooh: Won't you stay, Sora, for the sake of honey?

Sora: Uh...okay!

(Sora helps the group pick fruit in the orchard. Rabbit surveys the giant 
pile of colorful fruit)

Rabbit: Yes! Yes! Look at all this marvelous fruit!

Lumpy: Oh, it's lovely.

Roo: Lumpy loves, loves, LOVES fruit.

(Roo giggles)

Pooh: You know, Rabbit, I find that fruit always tastes better with a 
little honey.

Piglet: You're right, Pooh. It certainly does.

Tigger (bouncing): Hoo-hoo! Then, I'll keep lookin' for fruit up at 
bouncin' height!

Gopher: And I'll search closer to the soil.

(Gopher descends into his hole)

Rabbit: Sora...

(Sora bends down and Rabbit whispers in his ear)

Rabbit: ...could you help me with my flower patch? I've got a surprise for 
Pooh.

Sora (quietly): A surprise, for Pooh Bear?

Pooh: Yes, Sora?

Sora: Ohh. It's nothing, Pooh.

(Sora helps Rabbit pick flowers, unearthing the stash of honey he keeps 
there. Afterward, Rabbit presents Pooh with a hunny pot)

Rabbit: Here, Pooh. A pot full of honey. It's your reward for being such a 
big help. Eat all you want.

Pooh: Oh, thank you. Rabbit!

(Pooh sits right then and there for a snack)

Piglet: You planted all these flowers just for Pooh?

Roo: Really? Why?

Gopher: It's simple, sonny. Flowers mean nectar. Nectar means honeybees. And 
honeybees...mean honey.

Lumpy: Oh, and the flowers are so lovely. I like the pretty colors.

(They look over just as a breeze wafts along, sending various flower petals 
into the air. Tigger bounces up to touch them)

Tigger: Look at 'em all. They're bouncin' even higher than me!

(They marvel at the sight)

Pooh: Sora, I believe the one I should thank for all that yummy, delicious 
honey is you.

(Sora squats to Pooh's level)

Sora: Don't mention it, Pooh. Besides, we all helped.

Pooh: Um, Sora?

Sora: Hm?

(Pooh points to his chest)

Pooh: You used to be right here. Why is it that you went away?

Sora: Away? Oh, THAT's what you meant by "you're home."

Pooh: Yes. You see, when I get a rumbly in my tumbly, it's very hard to 
think of anything but honey. So I was worried that I might have forgotten 
you away.

Sora: Silly bear, I'd never.

Pooh: Oh, good, because I want us to be together forever.

Sora: Pooh. We are together. There isn't a second that we're not. (thinking 
to himself) Except I can feel it. Our connection's weaker... Why is that?

Pooh: What's wrong, Sora?

(Sora snaps out of his daze)

Sora: Oh, it's nothing. What matters is I'll be here from now on.

(He points to Pooh's heart and the bear smiles happily)

Sora: No going away.

Pooh: Thank you, Sora.

(They laugh cheerfully, watching the petals dance through the air. The 
storybook closes and Sora has joined Winnie the Pooh on the log, now under 
a bright blue sky. Sora appears back in Twilight Town)

Merlin: Splendid. All is as it should be.

Goofy: But how come Sora's picture disappeared in the first place?

(Sora peers downward sadly)

Donald: Sora?

Sora: Something's happened to me that made me vanish from Pooh's heart.

(He turns to the wizard)

Sora: Merlin, I don't ever want to lose my friends.

Merlin: Well, now.

Sora: Huh?

Merlin: There's no need to fret, lad. Whatever's lost can be found again. 
There are always new paths between hearts for us to discover and traverse. 
But you already know that.

(He shows Sora the changed book cover, bringing a smile to his face)

Sora: Yeah!

(Sora, Donald and Goofy leave Twilight Town and sail the Gummi Ship to a 
kingdom covered in snow and ice. Upon their arrival, they are attacked by 
a group of Soldier Heartless. Goofy knocks one back with his shield and 
Donald sends out a Fire spell, destroying two of them. Sora takes out the 
remaining one with his Keyblade. He feels the wind blow through his hooded 
shirt, garnering a shiver)

Sora: It's cold! Donald, gimme a coat!

(He tucks his arms in, freezing and Donald gives him a stern look)

Donald: The magic doesn't work that way.

Goofy: Guess he's too used to the beach!

Sora: Hey, islander, what can I say?

(He rubs his shoulders and looks over to his right at the fjord...)

Sora (pointing): Look! Even the sea's turning to...ice...

(...which is slowly freezing over)

Sora: Donald, this isn't YOUR magic, is it?

Donald (shaking his head): Uh-uh.

Goofy: Do ya think it's the Heartless?

Sora: Might be. Let's go.

(They run forward to the edge of the fjord, watching the ice creep over 
the rippling water)

Sora: Wow!

(Something catches his attention. A young woman with a blue dress and 
purple cape runs along the top of the water, freezing the surface in her 
wake. The expression on her face is one of desperation. They react with 
a start once the ice reaches the shore)

Sora: That girl... She looked so sad. I wonder what happened. Maybe the 
Heartless? We should talk to her.

(Donald and Goofy nod and they run toward the base of the North Mountain. 
They near a cliffside and see snow fall from it, soon followed by a horde 
of reindeer-like Winterhorn Heartless. They take out the Heartless and 
continue up the mountain. They reach the end of the Treescape with a sheer 
cliff)

Donald: Oh... A dead end.

Goofy: Naw, Sora can run up this.

Sora: Yeah, no problem.

(They continue climbing the mountain, reaching an open spot in the Gorge 
where you can see over the kingdom)

Goofy: Gawrsh, look how high up we are!

Donald: Do I have to? What if we fall?

(They finally catch up to the young woman, who walks slowly across the snow)

Sora: Hey, hold up!

(She gasps, turning around quickly, fear emblazoned on her face)

????: Why are you here? Where did you come from?

Sora: Hi. I'm Sora, and I--

(He looks over at Donald, who gives him a forbidding look)

Sora: Uh...I'm from...let's just say someplace...a little warmer.

(Donald approves of this response)

Donald: I'm Donald.

Goofy: And I'm Goofy.

????: Are you visiting Arendelle? For the coronation?

Sora: Huh? Um... uh...

(He looks to Donald and Goofy for an answer. They both nod)

Sora: You got us!

(Sora laughs nervously and Goofy waves)

Sora: So, what's your name?

????: Elsa... Queen Elsa of Arendelle.

(They appear surprised)

Sora: What? The queen?!

(They stand at attention)

Elsa: You shouldn't be out here. Please go back to the village.

(She turns away from them and begins walking)

Sora: Why? Your Majesty, you look like you could use a friend. Don't you 
want to talk?

(She grapples with the anguish on her face)

Elsa (respectfully): Please leave. I need to be alone. I don't want to 
hurt anyone.

(At a certain distance, she stops)

Sora: Oh... Is it that bad? You must've been through a lot.

Donald: We know what that's like, don't we?
Goofy: Sure, adventuring's fun, but it definitely has its ups and downs. 
When the going gets tough, us friends have to stick together!

Sora: Exactly! Although, Donald, you DO lose your temper a lot, so...I can 
relate to wanting some alone time.

Donald: What? I don't do that!

Elsa: Enough!

(Frustrated, Elsa whirls around, her hand glowing as a multitude of spikes 
emerge from the ground between them. Terror returns to her face at this 
outburst, her second of this unfortunate night)

Sora: Elsa... Did you...

(Heartless appear behind her and she gasps)

Goofy: The Heartless!

(She backs away from them as Sora rushes forward with his Keyblade)

Sora: Don't worry. We got 'em. Take cover!

(She runs safely back as they take on the horde of snow-faring Heartless. 
As Sora deals the final blow to the Rock Troll, Elsa approaches them)

Sora: Elsa, are you okay?

Elsa: I...I'm sorry I was so upset. Thank you for your help.

(A Winterhorn Heartless drops down from above and leaps at the group)

Elsa: Look out!

(Elsa holds up her hands, shooting a beam of ice at the Heartless, taking 
it out)

Sora: That's amazing. You can control ice.

(She holds her one bare hand with her blue-gloved hand)

Elsa: Control it? No, all I ever do...is hurt people.

Goofy: It's okay. Those were just the Heartless.

Elsa: You said that word before. What are they?

Sora: Monsters that are after people's hearts. Wherever they go, there's 
trouble.

Elsa: They're after people's hearts?

Sora: Yes, they're dangerous! You should head home before it gets any worse.

Elsa: This is my home now. I can't go back.

(She looks down at her hand)

Elsa: I don't want to hurt anyone.

Sora: What?

Elsa: Arendelle is safer with me staying up here.

(She walks away from them)

Sora: Not safer for you!

(He tries to follow her but a large ice wall appears to block him. Elsa 
looks back at the wall and then breaks into a run)

Elsa: Please, go away!

(Sora places his hands against the wall of ice)

Sora: Elsa...

Goofy: Aw, don't worry, she'll be okay. Seems like she's pretty strong.

Donald: You gotta let her go. She wants to be alone.

Sora: Yeah, I hear you...but I just wanted to know why she was so sad.

???????: And how is it any of your business? Read the room, kiddo.

(They turn around to see a woman in a black coat with blonde hair and 
yellow eyes)

Sora: Who are you? That's...the Organization coat. You new?

(She raises an eyebrow in annoyance)

???????: Excuse me? Oh yeah, you forgot. The name's Larxene. This time, 
remember. And we'll take care of Elsa, so don't you worry.

(He looks her over and turns to Donald)

Sora: Do you--

Donald: Nope.

Goofy: Well, she seems to think she knows us, so maybe we should play along.

Sora: Not unless her name's "Terra."

Larxene: Excuse me! I'm right here?

(They turn their attention back to Larxene)

Sora: Why are you after Elsa?

Larxene: No one's gonna hurt her? But we're not about to put up with YOUR 
meddling. Stay here and behave yourselves.

(She holds out her hand, electricity crackling as a set of ice crystals 
float around her fingers. She sends out a bolt of lightning at the ice wall, 
which shatters. She raises her arm. The remnants of the ice wall, glowing 
blue from the lightning coursing through it, start to rise into the air, 
spinning into a vortex of frozen electricity. The whirlwind stops, and 
boulders of ice shoot into the ground around the trio)

Sora: Wait. The ice!

Goofy: It's going to wall us in!

Larxene: Ice is so not my style.

Sora: Larxene!

(He runs towards her, but is stopped by a final boulder on the pile of 
frozen blocks. Inside, they inspect their surroundings)

Goofy: Anybody see a way out?

Donald: No, not me.

Sora: Well, we can't stay in here.

Goofy: Elsa's in REAL trouble now.

Sora: Yeah. Larxene promised not to hurt her, but I trust those guys as 
far as I can throw 'em.

Donald (nodding): They've gotta be up to no good!

Sora: Clearly!

(They begin to explore the Labyrinth of Ice)

Donald: Start looking.

Goofy: Yeah, we'll freeze if we don't find a way out.

(They traverse the unsettling landscape, fighting both Heartless and 
Nobodies alike, discovering a room with a peculiar pillar)

Donald: There's something funny about that pillar.

(Sora spins around the pillar and the room starts to shift)

Donald: It's moving!

(The room spins, opening a passageway)

Goofy: Hey, look! We can get through now!

(They reach the Lower Tier of the labyrinth and find another room with 
pillars)

Donald: More pillars!

Goofy: That spin trick you did should work again.

(Sora rotates the pillars, causing the shelf above to slide over, revealing 
a new passageway leading to a vertical shaft)

Donald: Sora, you can climb this!

Goofy: There might be something up there.

(Sora ascends the shaft and reaches the other side of the Middle Tier. 
They continue through the Labyrinth of Ice eliminating Heartless and 
Nobodies and rotating pillars to unbar the way. The final pillar unlocks 
an elevator that takes them to the Upper Tier, revealing the shape of the 
maze to be a snowflake)

Sora: Well, that seemed to lock everything into place.

Donald: That better be the end of it.

(They reach the center of the maze, where a portal sits in waiting)

Goofy: This must be the exit.

Donald: About time.

(They rush through the portal back out to the Gorge and look around for Elsa)

Sora: See her?

Goofy: I think she mighta gone up in that direction.

(He points further up the mountain)

Donald: Yep.

Sora: Okay, c'mon!

(They reach another cliffside)

Donald: More CLIMBING?

Goofy: Yep. And tough climbing, too.

Sora: We can do it. C'mon!

(They ascend to the Mountain Ridge, where a strong icy wind pelts them 
with snow)

Elsa (singing): The snow glows white on the mountain tonight, not a 
footprint to be seen. A kingdom of isolation, and it looks like I'm the 
queen. The wind is howling like this swirling storm inside. Couldn't keep 
it in, heaven knows I've tried. 

(They stop, hearing a voice)

Sora: What?

Elsa (singing): Don't let them in. Don't let them see.

Sora: That's Elsa's voice!

(They start running up the mountain)

Elsa (singing): Be the good girl you always have to be. Conceal, don't 
feel. Don't let them know. Well, now they know.

(Atop the mountain, Elsa releases her glove)

Elsa (singing): Let it go! Let it go!

(She conjures snowflakes from her fingers)

Elsa (singing): Can't hold it back anymore.

(With a spiral of wind, she creates a snowman)

Elsa (singing): Let it go! Let it go! Turn away and slam the door.

(She sends up sparks of magical ice that fall down like rain at her command)

Elsa (singing): I don't care what they're going to say. Let the storm 
rage on.

(She grabs the clasp on her cape...)

Elsa (singing): The cold never bothered me anyway.

(...and lets it fly. It passes over the three of them)

Sora: This way!

(Sora runs ahead, and they follow)

Elsa (singing): It's funny how some distance makes everything seem small.

(She looks out over the mountain)

Elsa (singing): And the fears that once controlled me can't get to me at all.

(She started running up the mountain, elated)

Elsa (singing): It's time to see what I can do, to test the limits and 
break through.

(She pushes her hands forward, creating a jagged set of stairs)

Elsa (singing): No right, no wrong, no rules for me. I'm free!

(She takes one step on the stairs, turning the jagged ice crystals into 
a surface smooth as glass)

Elsa (singing): Let it go! Let it go!

(She runs up the staircase, extending it as she goes, just as Sora and 
company catch up)

Elsa (singing): I am one with the wind and sky.

Sora: Look at that!

Elsa (singing): Let it go! Let it go!

(She reaches the top with a flurry of magic)

Elsa (singing): You'll never see me cry.

(She rushes forward and slams her shoe into the ground, creating a large 
snowflake-shaped platform)

Elsa (singing): Here I stand and here I'll stay.

(The dendrites grow freely, creating a continuously intricate snowflake)

Elsa (singing): Let the storm rage on.

(She bites her lip, raising her arms, lifting the platform with pillars 
of ice, creating large towers against the mountainside. Sora, Donald and 
Goofy stare in amazement)

Elsa (singing): My power flurries through the air into the ground.

(She adds decoration to the walls and floor)

Elsa (singing): My soul is spiraling in frozen fractals all around.

(The magic traces up the walls, adding detail to the archways, reaching 
up to form a ceiling)

Elsa (singing): And one thought crystallizes like an icy blast.

(A chandelier bursts from the ceiling, growing down like a multi-pointed 
stalactite)

Elsa (singing): I'm never going back. The past is in the past.

(She removes her crown and tosses it away)

Elsa (singing): Let it go! Let it go!

(She unties her hair, letting her long braid trail down over her shoulder)

Elsa (singing): And I'll rise like the break of dawn.

(Magic trails along her dress)

Elsa (singing): Let it go! Let it go!

(Her dress changes to a sparkling gown of light blue with a long train)

Elsa (singing): That perfect girl is gone.

(Her reflection shining on the smooth floor, she walks forward confidently)

Elsa (singing): Here I stand in the light of day.

(She walks out onto the balcony as the sun rises into a pink sky, glittering 
every tiny facet of her gown)

Elsa (singing): Let the storm rage on!

(She raises her arms, finally free)

Elsa (singing): The cold never bothered me anyway.

(She spins around, whipping the train in front of her as the doors slam 
behind. Sora, Donald and Goofy stand at the base of her Ice Palace)

Sora: Wow. I don't know what we just saw but...wow. That...was Elsa?

Donald: She looked different.

Goofy: And a lot happier, too.

Sora: Let's say hi.

(They walk closer and a corridor of darkness appears, revealing Larxene's 
smirking face)

Larxene: PLEASE don't tell me that you're spying on her now.

Sora: Larxene!

(The react defensively, but quickly Sora relaxes)

Sora: Don't turn this around on us. YOU'RE following her.

Larxene: Ooh. Look at YOU get all sassy. Okay, I'll admit Elsa is a person 
of interest to us. Maybe she's one of the seven pure lights we need--the 
New Seven Hearts. Gotta make sure though. Fortunately, we're in the best 
position to tell. Can't pick out that "special glimmer"...unless you're 
standing in the shadows.

(She looks up at the palace)

Larxene: And maybe...Elsa DOESN'T have it. I mean, just look how icy her 
palace is--made of magic she forced herself to keep hidden until now. What 
if it's dark magic?

Sora: Elsa would never rely on the darkness!

Larxene: Actually, it's still too early to call. Depends on how SHE sees 
it. If she believes her magic is darkness, that's what it will become. 
Accepting her power, whatever it is, is the only way she can set her heart 
free. So what will Elsa accept? Light or darkness? I know I wanna know!

(She smiles snidely)

Sora: Well, good for you, but guess what? I won't let her fall to darkness!

Larxene: It's her choice to make, not yours. You know, I'm starting to 
understand why she gave you the cold shoulder.

(She combines ice and lightning again to create a blasting wind. Electricity 
crackles along the ground as they struggle against it)

Sora: Larxene!

Larxene: You wanna help her? Then stop trying to be her hero! Let her figure 
things out her own way!

(Bolts of lightning burst from her fingertips, forcing the three of them to 
lose their grip on the snow and fly off down the mountain. Recovering from 
the fall, Sora gets to his knees seeing Donald and Goofy buried in the snow)

Sora: Donald! Goofy! Are you okay?

(Donald stands on his feet, pulling against the heavy pile of snow covering 
his head. He breaks out of the snow, bouncing back from an overabundance of 
force, a light dusting of snow on his hat and bill. He shakes himself off, 
his eyes wobbling from dizziness)

Donald: Phew. I'm okay...

(Goofy signals with his arms from beneath the snow)

Goofy: All good!

(They fish Goofy out of the ground)

Sora: I think we should probably go check on Elsa.

Goofy: And make sure Larxene was wrong about her magic.

Sora: Yeah.

Donald: But don't you tell her what Larxene said.

(He wags a finger at Sora)

Sora: Huh? Why not?

Goofy: Well, to keep the order.

Donald: Yeah. Order.

Sora: Oh... Okay.

(They start to walk, when Goofy's ear perks up)

Goofy: Wait, fellas. Do ya hear that?

(They stop and listen)

Donald: Look!

(An enormous avalanche tumbles down the mountain toward them, encasing tree 
and rock alike)

Sora, Donald & Goofy: Avalaaaaaanche!

(Goofy summons his shield)

Goofy: Quick, climb aboard!

Sora: Right!

(Donald and Sora jump aboard the shield and Goofy gets it going, just as 
the snow reaches them)

Goofy: Here we go!

(Goofy jumps on and they start careening down the mountain. From within the 
avalanche, three Frost Serpent Heartless appear. Their wings spin 
effortlessly through the snow as they leer their prey with glowing yellow 
eyes)

Goofy: It's closin' in!

Sora: I got this!

(One of the Frost Serpents swims through the snow after them as another 
takes off into the air)

Goofy: Incoming! Watch out!

(The flying Heartless aims an ice beam at them, but they jump to dodge the 
attack)

Donald: Dodge it!

(Soon all three Frost Serpents fly in the air, shooting identical beams)

Donald: It's right behind us!

(The blasting wind brings a chill over Sora as they eventually careen over 
the mountain edge, spilling from the shield. Further down, the shield 
lands on the snow and they lose their pursuers. Donald and Goofy land back 
on the shield, sledding down the mountain as Sora flips over in the air 
and joins them. Reaching the Snowfield, the three Frost Serpents burst from 
the ground as the shield comes to a stop)

Sora: Look who's back!

(After a tricky battle against air and ice, Sora, Donald and Goofy emerge 
victorious)

Donald: Phew...

(A shadow passes over them, catching their attention. They look skyward, 
seeing more Frost Serpents fly into the snow of the mountain, causing a 
second avalanche. The trio attempts to escape, but the snow overtakes them 
too quickly spilling them over the edge. Later, they hear a voice in their 
unconscious stupor)

????: Wow! Look at all the pretty colors. There's blue, and green--ooh, I 
love green! And look, black.

(Sora feels a tug)

????: Just like my buttons. Hmm?

(Sora wakes up with a snowball stuck in his spiky hair. In his woozy state, 
he thinks he sees a talking, walking snowman. Well, less walking, more 
hopping. The snowman hops over to Sora, just inches from his face)

????: Silly spiky grass. Give me back my foot.

(He pulls the snowball from Sora's hair and reattaches it to his body with 
his twig-like arms. He waddles off between the trees)

Sora: Was that...a snowman?

(Sora stands up slowly, the snow falling from his jacket. He looks ahead, 
but sees no one)

Sora: Huh? Uh...did you see that snowman?

(Donald and Goofy recover from the endeavor)

Goofy: Snowman?

Sora: Yeah. And here's the funny thing: he was walking and talking.

(Donald and Goofy exchange glances)

Donald: Everybody knows snowmen can't walk. You must've imagined it.

Sora: Huh... I thought he was real.

Goofy: Well, maybe we'll see him again. But if we don't get goin', we'll 
never reach Elsa's palace.

Sora: Oh, right! I almost forgot! C'mon!

(They enter the Valley of Ice, surrounded by trees with large frozen 
droplets lining their branches. Soon, they see two people walking with a 
reindeer and a...)

???? (giggling): I can't wait to meet Elsa. I bet she's the nicest, 
warmest, best person ever.

(...snowman!)

Donald: Wow!

Sora: See? I told you! A walking, talking snowman.

(Sora laughs)

Goofy: Well, whaddaya know? You were right!

Sora: I wanna look!

(Sora runs up to the snowman)

Sora: Wow! You really ARE alive! What's making you walk?

(He reaches out to touch the snowman, but he inches backwards. The 
commotion causes the other three strangers to turn around)

????: Um, well, I guess...my feet.

(The three walk over to them and the girl speaks up)

????: Hello. Olaf, are these your friends?

Olaf: Nope! Never met 'em. Don't know anyone blue, green, or who's 
oddly spiky.

Sora: "Spiky"? My hair?

(Olaf giggles)

Sora: Wait, why don't I get a color too? My name is Sora.

Donald: And I'm Donald Duck!

Olaf: Oh.

Goofy: And I'd be Goofy the Green!

????: I'm Anna.

(She addresses the man as he gives her a skeptical look)

Anna: And I know they're strangers, but...they seem pretty nice to me.

(The man sighs)

????????: I'm Kristoff, and this is Sven.

(He motions toward the reindeer who nods)

Goofy: Nice to meet ya.

Sora: So, where are you guys all headed?

Kristoff: We're going to try and put an end to this crazy winter.

Anna: And to do that, we need to find my sister, Elsa.

Sora: Elsa's...your sister?

Goofy: What a coincidence. We're going to see her too.

(She gasps)

Anna: You know Elsa?

Sora: Yeah, we ran into her up the mountain. Um... Do you mind telling 
us what's going on around here? We're worried. We think your sister might 
be in some trouble.

Anna: Trouble? Are you sure?

(She looks into his eyes)

Anna: All right. I know we just met, but...Sora, was it? I get the 
feeling that you're someone to trust.

Kristoff: I'm right there with ya.

Anna: I just hope you like long stories.

Sora: Sure.

Kristoff: Ya know, I should go find some moss for Sven. He's looking a 
little hungry. C'mon, Sven.

(Kristoff and Sven start to leave)

Olaf: Hey, w-w-w-wait, what's going on? Tell me. Is something happening?

(Kristoff bends down to pick up the snowman)

Kristoff: C'mon, Olaf. You're with me.

Olaf: Sure, Sven. Reindeer Sven too?

Kristoff: The reindeer IS Sven.

Olaf: Oh, how fun!

(Olaf giggles as they leave. Anna and Sora sit on a nearby rock)

Anna: When we were little, my sister and I used to be really close.

(Over a decade ago in Arendelle, Anna skips through the halls of the 
palace as Elsa enters her bedroom door. Anna tries to get to her but 
Elsa closes the door)

Anna: But then, one day, for some reason, Elsa just shut me out.

(Later that same year, Anna notices the snow falling outside the window 
and rushes to Elsa's closed door, knocking)

Young Anna (singing): Do you wanna build a snowman? Come on, let's go 
and play. I never see you anymore. Come out the door. It's like you've 
gone away.

Anna: Years passed and we barely ever saw each other. Then, finally, it 
was time for her coronation.

Young Anna (singing): We used to be best buddies and now we're not. I wish 
you would tell me why.

Anna: Let's just say I was more than a little excited. I thought we'd 
finally have a chance to talk.

(Young Anna peers through the keyhole of Elsa's door, then sings into it)

Young Anna (singing): Do you wanna build a snowman? It doesn't have to be 
a snowman.

Anna: But at the party, I did something that made her mad. We got into an 
argument, and I lost my temper.

Young Elsa: Go away, Anna.

Anna: I was just so frustrated!

Young Anna (singing): Okay, bye...

(Young Anna sadly leaves)

Anna: And then, well...that's when she used her magic to push me away. It 
was all my fault.

(The flashback ends)

Anna (singing): Please, I know you're in there. People are asking where 
you've been. They say, "have courage" and I'm trying to. I'm right out 
here for you. Just let me in. We only have each other. It's just you and 
me. What are we gonna do? Do you wanna build a snowman?

(She stops, sadly)

Anna: I shouldn't have upset her the way I did. Elsa ran away because she 
was frightened. I have to bring her home.

Sora: I'm sure she knows how much you love her.

(He remembers the look on Elsa's face when she was fleeing across the fjord)

Sora (thinking) : And I think...maybe that's why she looked so sad.

(He remembers Riku's sacrifice at the door to darkness and his journey after 
Sora woke from his year-long sleep)

Sora (thinking): It's just like when Riku disappeared. He thought he had 
to push me away, to protect me. Maybe Elsa's the same. (to Anna) If anyone 
can help her, it's you.

Anna: Huh?

(He smiles at her)

Anna: Thanks.

Kristoff: Hey, guys! I need some help!

(Kristoff runs toward them)

Sora: What's the problem?

Kristoff: This.

(He holds up a stick)

Donald: A stick problem?

Kristoff: It's not a stick. Well, it IS a stick, but it--

(He bends it and it straightens back up)

Kristoff: It's Olaf's arm. (sigh) He's fallen apart again.

Sora, Donald & Goofy: Fallen apart?!

Donald: Uh, how come you're not upset?

Anna: Oh, it's no big deal. He's a snowman. We'll just...put him back 
together.

Sora: Really?!

Donald: You can do that?

Goofy: I gotta see this! A-hyuck!

Kristoff: The pieces can't be too far from here. Could you guys help us 
look for 'em?

Sora: 'Course!

(They start to search for Olaf)

Goofy: It is kinda hard to spot him in all this snow.

Donald: Everything looks like Olaf.

Goofy: He can't have gone TOO far.

Olaf: Heeey! I'm over this way!

Sora: Huh?

Donald: I heard it too.

Goofy: Yep, that's Olaf's voice.

Olaf: Would I call this cozy or snug? Mmm, I'm gonna go with snug.

(Sora finds an oversized snowball)

Olaf: I can hear you! You're getting closer!

Donald: His voice is getting louder.

(Sora jumps aboard the snowball, riding along until it crashes into a rock 
and bursts open, revealing Olaf's head)

Olaf: Hi, Sora!

Sora: Hey, Olaf. There you are!

Olaf: I was starting to think nobody'd ever come along and find me.

(Sora picks up Olaf's head)

Sora: Well, I'm glad we did.

(They continue searching for the rest of Olaf)

Sora: Are these trees made of ice?

Goofy: Maybe. Look at the little snow-blossoms growing on 'em.

(They find a frozen waterfall)

Goofy: Why don't we look up above the waterfall?

(They climb the water fall and find an oddly-shaped snowball with a 
black rock in it)

Sora: This...MIGHT be Olaf?

Donald: Might be...

Goofy: There's only one way to find out.

(They keep looking)

Goofy: I think I mighta seen Olaf's legs leggin' it.

Donald: Where did he go?

(They return to the frozen pond in the center of the valley)

Donald: Look! Legs!

(The small set of Olaf's legs turn tail and run away on the ice. Sora 
dashes forward and grabs them, its feet wiggling in the air)

Sora: I caught them!

Donald: Yay!

Goofy: Great job, Sora!

Sora: Think that's all of him?

Donald: Yup!

Goofy: Anna'll know what to do next.

(They put Olaf together, but something is wrong)

Olaf: Wait, why does everybody look all wobbly?

Anna: It's not us, Olaf. You're about to tip over!

Olaf: Huh? Wha-- Oh no.

(Olaf's head falls off the oddly-shaped snowball)

Donald: Aww...

Sora: Yeah, I kinda figured that was wrong.

(Just past the waterfall, they find a hugely-oversized snowball with a 
large black rock embedded in it)

Sora: Is THIS him?

Goofy: Well, it's the right shape...

Donald: But it's huge.

(They put Olaf together a second time, but something is definitely wrong)

Olaf: Anna, question... When did you get so small and tiny?

Anna: Um, actually, Olaf, it's more that you're really big now.

Olaf: You're right! What a great view!

Goofy: Hmm... I think we did it wrong.

Olaf: Aw, but I like being tall.

Sora: Keep looking...

(On the other side of the waterfall, they slide down the slippery hill and 
find a small nook, where they find a tiny snowball with a single button of 
coal)

Sora: Hey, this is Olaf's body.

Donald: It is!

Goofy: Button and all!

(They return to the group and Anna puts Olaf back together)

Anna: And that should...do it.

(Olaf's body is correct, but strangely less colorful)

Goofy: You sure something's not missin'?

Kristoff: Nah. Looks right.

Olaf: Wow, I feel so much better.

(He touches his face)

Olaf: Wait! Where's my cute new nose! The one Anna gave me!

Anna: Uh, Sora... Do YOU have his nose?

Sora: I don't think so.

Donald: Nope, didn't see it.

(Olaf gasps sadly and Kristoff eyes Sven, sighing. He leans down to him 
sternly)

Kristoff: Sven...

(The reindeer smiles coyly and Kristoff opens his mouth, commanding. Sven 
obliges, revealing the carrot on his tongue. Kristoff grabs the carrot, 
pursing his lips, and shrugs at a disapproving Anna)

Kristoff (as Sven): "Someone had to pick it up!"

(Sven smirks)

Kristoff: You're right, buddy. Thanks for finding it...and not actually 
eating it. (as Sven) "Aw, you're welcome."

(They return Olaf's nose)

Olaf: My nose, it's back! Oh, I love having a nose!

Sora: Hey, Kristoff, how'd all this happen, anyway?

Kristoff: You know, I'm not sure. These weird animals--well, they were more 
like monsters--they just crashed into Olaf.

Goofy: I knew it.

Donald: The Heartless again!

Sora: Yeah.

Kristoff: The "Heart-less"? Hmm... And I thought the wolves around here 
were bad.

Anna: Kristoff, look!

(A group of Heartless appear over the pond)

Kristoff: They're back!

(Olaf waves his arms frantically)

Olaf: No... I've already fallen apart today.

(Sora, Donald and Goofy summon their weapons)

Sora: We know how to handle them! Anna, Kristoff, keep going!

Kristoff: Okay!

Anna: Wait? What?

(Kristoff leads her away from the battle. The three adventurers defeat the 
horde of Winterhorns, Flutterings, and Satyrs)

Sora: We better catch up!

Donald & Goofy: Yeah!

(They travel out of the Valley of Ice to the Frozen Wall, where an icy wind 
starts to pick up)

Donald (shivering): I'm getting cold.

Sora: Just keep moving. You'll warm up!

Goofy: Gee, nothin' ever gets you down, huh, Sora?

(Sora rides on a snowball and takes out a few Heartless)

Sora: All right! I love snow!

Donald: So much for "islander" Sora.

(They continue up the mountain reaching the Mountain Ridge from the other 
side, where snowdrifts containing horizontal icicles stick out dangerously 
in their path)

Sora: We're back! Finally.

Donald: That palace is incredible!

Goofy: Yeah. I wonder if Anna and the others made it there yet.

(At Elsa's Ice Palace, Anna speaks to her sister, pleading for her to 
return to Arendelle)

Anna: You kind of set off an eternal winter...everywhere.

Elsa (concerned): Everywhere?

Anna: Well, it's okay. You can just unfreeze it.

Elsa: No, I can't. I don't know how.

Anna: Sure you can. I know you can.

(Sora, Donald and Goofy approach the base of the staircase leading to the 
palace, where Sven has stuck his tongue to the banister. The reindeer 
attempts to pull it away with not much luck)

Sora: Anna and the others must've gone inside.

(Inside the palace, a great wind swirls as Elsa's conflicting emotions 
get the better of her. Anna shields her eyes at the stinging snow, but 
stands unrelenting to help her sister)

Elsa (screaming): I CAN'T!

(A giant burst of power erupts from the queen, striking Anna in the heart, 
causing her to lose her balance. Elsa whirls around, terrified at the 
sight of what she had just done. Outside, Sora feels a pain in his heart 
and winces, catching the attention of Donald and Goofy)

Donald: Sora?

Goofy: Are ya hurt?

Sora: No, I'm fine. But...I think something terrible must have happened.

(He looks back up to the palace, and the others follow his gaze)

Sora: I hope our friends are okay.

(The doors slam open and a giant snow monster appears in the doorway)

Sora, Donald & Goofy: What?

(The monster walks out with Olaf, Anna, Kristoff in his clutches)

Anna: Stop! Put us down!

(Anna beats against the monster's icy fingers)

Marshmallow: Go away!

(The monster tosses Anna and Kristoff, who take a bumpy slide down the 
stairs, past the trio)

Olaf: Heads up!

(Olaf's head flies into the snow-covered rock behind Anna and Kristoff)

Olaf: Watch out for my butt!

(Anna and Kristoff duck as Olaf's middle and legs fly in as well)

Anna (yelling): Hey! It is not nice to throw people!

(She gathers a snowball in an attempt to toss it at Marshmallow, but 
Kristoff stops her)

Kristoff: Whoa-whoa-whoa, feisty-pants.

(He grabs her)

Anna: Let me go!

Kristoff: Okay, relax. Just calm down. Calm down.

Anna: Okay! All right! I'm okay.

Kristoff: Just let the snowman be.

(He lets go of her)

Anna: I'm calm.

Kristoff: Great.

(She tosses the snowball less than calmly)

Kristoff: Huh? Oh, come on!

(It hits Marshmallow in the shoulder (barely a scratch) and he roars at 
them, his eyes glowing and spikes protruding from his legs and arms)

Kristoff: Aw, see? Now you made him mad.

Olaf: I'll distract him. You guys go!

(He waves them off and they run, while Olaf's torso and legs do the same)

Olaf: No, no. Not you guys!

(His face falls off the rock and into the snow)

Olaf (muffled): This just got a whole lot harder.

(Sora jumps in front)

Sora: We can buy you some time!

(Marshmallow stomps over to them and roars in their faces, spraying icy 
breath, causing the three to run away. Olaf's body comes out from hiding 
and rejoins with his head)

Olaf: Wait for me!

(Marshmallow pursues Donald and Sora, who looks around)

Sora: Huh? Where's Goofy?

(He spots him at a tree that's bent over from the heavy snow)

Goofy (calling): Hey, Sora! I got an idea!

Donald: Goofy, what are you doing?

Sora: Oh! That's perfect!

(Sora leads Marshmallow in the direction of the tree)

Donald: Huh? Hey!

(Goofy rubs his hands together and grabs onto the tree, lifting it up 
just as Sora latches onto him. They pull back the snow-laden tree as 
Marshmallow approaches)

Sora: Get ready... Okay, now!

(They release the tree and it snaps back into Marshmallow's face, knocking 
him over. Sora and Goofy get up and high-five)

Sora: Oh, yeah!

(Donald reaches them and summons his wand)

Donald: He's not done...

(Marshmallow gets up and Sora and Goofy join Donald)

Sora: Bring it, snowball!

(They take on the snow monster at the end of the ridge. He roars, hundreds 
of spikes emerging across his body, and tries to claw at the three of 
them. He corners them at the edge of the mountain and slams his fist into 
the ground)

Sora: Wh...what?

(The outcropping shatters and they tumble down the cliff once again. At 
the bottom, they rest before getting back up again)

Sora: Good thing snow's so soft. We could do this a HUNDRED times.

(Donald stands up)

Donald: No! Let's not.

Goofy: A-hyuck! Ya sure you don't wanna go again?

Sora: Nooo thank youuu!

(Sora stands)

Sora: Do you think everybody else made it?

Goofy: I don't think the snow monster got 'em.

Donald: They probably went back to the palace.

Sora: Makes sense. For us, too. We still need to talk to Elsa.

Goofy: Second time's the charm!

Sora: Yeah, back to the ice palace.

(As they return to the Snowfield once again, they see an auburn-haired 
man carrying Elsa over his shoulder. He is tall and well dressed, a 
sword attached to his hip)

Sora: Hey...that's Elsa. But who's that guy?

Goofy: It could be somebody from Arendelle who came up here to help her.

(Sora looks closer)

Sora: Don't think so. That doesn't look like help to me.

(Donald takes a careful look)

Donald: Oh no!

(A dark aura eminates from the man's body)

Goofy: Darkness?

Sora: Let's move!

(They lose sight of the man and find a pile of fallen down trees. Suddenly, 
the snow monster bursts from behind the trees and stomps out, growling and 
struggling to walk on his leg)

Sora: Him again?!

(They run over and summon their weapons, preparing for a rematch)

Sora: Hey! You'd better not have hurt our friends!

(The monster walks past them with barely a glance)

Sora: Huh?

Marshmallow: Elsaaa!

(They put their weapons away and run after him)

Sora: Hey, wait up! Are you...looking for Elsa, too?

(They run alongside his giant strides, but he stops and glares at them)

Sora: Whoa! Eeeasy! Do you wanna save her from the bad guy? We're on the 
same side.

(The monster settles down)

Marshmallow: Elsa...

Goofy: I guess all he ever wanted to do was keep Elsa safe.

Sora: Hey. We should team up, big guy.

Donald: Team up?!

Sora: C'mon. We wanna help her, too. Why not?

(Marshmallow watches them talk)

Sora: So, whaddaya say?

(Marshmallow nods and Sora walks closer)

Donald: Sora!

Goofy (to Donald): One great thing about Sora--he can always make friends 
with anybody.

(Donald crosses his arms)

Donald: Yippee...

Sora: Donald! Goofy! C'mon.

Donald & Goofy: Wait for us!

(They catch up and continue through the Snowfield. As they get nearer to 
Arendelle, they hear a voice up ahead)

Kristoff: Stop it. Put me down!

Sora: That's Kristoff.

(He turns to Marshmallow)

Sora: Do me a favor and wait here. If you come alone, Kristoff might 
freak out.

(Sora, Donald and Goofy run ahead, where Sven tosses Kristoff to the ground)

Kristoff (standing up): No, Sven! We're not going back. She's with her 
true love.

Sora: Kristoff!

(He sees them run in)

Kristoff: Sora.

Sora: You all right?

Kristoff: Yeah, I'm fine. I'm glad you guys are safe.

(Donald sees they're alone)

Donald: Hey!

Sora: Where'd Anna go?

(Kristoff sighs)

Kristoff: She's back at home.

Sora: Something happen?

(Sven gives a sad whine)

Kristoff: Anna was struck in the heart by Elsa's ice magic. If the ice 
isn't removed, she'll freeze forever. Only an act of true love can thaw a 
frozen heart. So I took her back to Arendelle and her true love, Hans.

Sora: But...what about you?

Kristoff: What ABOUT me?

Sora (awkwardly): Uh, I sorta assumed you guys were...

Kristoff: Nooo! I just keep her from getting lost.

Sora: Really? Oh, but you seem so...

Goofy: Perfect together!

Donald: Yeah, like me and Daisy!

(Kristoff shrugs, his shoulders slumped, and the wind picks up)

Kristoff: What?

(They look down to the castle town, where a swirl of storm clouds have 
gathered)

Kristoff: Anna.

(He runs off toward town with Sven in tow. The ground shakes and 
Marshmallow catches up to the three of them. He points toward the town)

Marshmallow: Elsa...

Sora: Is that where Elsa is?

(Marshmallow lets out a cascading roar)

Sora: Elsa and Anna might both need our help. Let's go!

(Donald and Goofy nod to each other and follow Sora into a run. They 
travel through the Foothills as the wind bares down upon them)

Sora: Storm's getting worse.

Donald: I'm freezing...

Goofy: Yeah, and the wind's just makin' it colder!

Donald: We got to get out of this storm!

Goofy: There must be some place we can use as shelter.

(Walking through the Foothills, they take cover behind rocks between the 
massive gusts of icy wind as Marshmallow braves the storm ahead of them. 
They catch up and stay behind the huge snow monster)

Goofy: Look! He's protectin' us from the storm!

Donald: We can make it!

(As they near town, the wind calms slightly)

Sora: Okay, guys. The storm's died down.

(The swirling clouds pelt Arendelle with snow)

Goofy: Gawrsh, I hope Anna and Elsa are okay.

Sora: Hurry!

(They run on ahead, where, like the fjord, the storm has frozen solid. 
Snow particles dangle in place in the still air. Anna walks along the 
ice, her hair now completely turned white. She is alone, shivering from 
head to toe. She sees Kristoff in the distance)

Anna: Kristoff?

(He sees her)

Kristoff: Anna!

(He runs her way as she hobbles in his direction. Anna hears the sound of 
a sword unsheathing and turns to see Hans with his weapon out stepping 
slowly toward the back of Elsa, who is on her knees)

Anna: Elsa?

(She sees Kristoff running towards her...and makes her decision. She turns 
away from Kristoff, who stops, just as Sora, Donald and Goofy arrive)

Sora: Elsa, Anna...

(Hans brings the sword up over his head to begin the swing as Elsa sobs, 
oblivious with grief. He brings the sword down, just as Anna rushes in to 
stop him...)

Anna: Nooo!

(...and she freezes solid. The sword makes contact and shatters, a pulse 
of magic knocks Hans off his feet as a final breath exhales from Anna)

Sora: Anna...

(The unconscious body of Hans erupts with darkness, enveloping Sora, 
Donald and Goofy)

Sora: What?!

(They struggle to move as they are dragged down into the pool of darkness. 
Sora opens his eyes and they find themselves in a wide landscape with a 
giant glowing orb of darkness in the center. Particles dance around it 
and it changes form, growing long tail. Claws surface, stomping the 
ground, and two glowing red eyes appear as a giant wolf's head emerges 
bearing the symbol of the Heartless. The Skll howls, leaping into the 
air and hovering)

Goofy: Do ya really think this will help Anna?

Sora: I don't know...but we'd better try something!

(Marshmallow catches up to them)

Donald: Let's get it.

(The Skll begins by tackling them head on and running around the field. 
Sora strikes, but it knocks him back with a giant claw. With a wailing 
howl, it sails high into the clouds spinning itself into a giant ball of 
darkness. It grows larger and larger, getting spherical, undulating 
within the clouds. Darkness rains from the black sun as several wolf 
heads stream downwards toward the party. Casting back the shadows, the 
dark orb slowly encroaches on the ground, threatening to crash into 
the earth. Marshmallow rushes forward and grabs the orb, holding it away 
from the ground)

Sora: Together!

(Sora leaps up to the dark sun, spinning his Keyblade on its surface in 
an attempt to dispell the darkness)

Sora: Come on!

(He spins his Keyblade faster, struggling against the weight of the orb 
that's only purpose is to crush them. Suddenly, the dark breaks beneath 
his fingers, giving way to light as cracks form on the orb's surface. The 
orange tendrils snake their way through the giant dark sphere, light 
shining outward from every crevice. The orb shatters into ice and the 
Skll falls to the ground. After a few more minutes of fighting, the Skll 
leaps into the air for a second chance, creating another black sun, however 
this last-ditch effort cannot sustain the fusion and it explodes brightly, 
expelling its energy in a giant blast. Marshmallow steps in front of Sora, 
Donald and Goofy, shielding them as the blast hits. He roars, struggling 
against the mighty wind, until his knees buckle and he's swept over them. 
He cries out, unable to catch anything to grab, as the wind sweeps the 
trio off their feet behind him. Feeling a cold surface against his chin, 
Sora awakes back on the frozen fjord. He along with Donald and Goofy 
get to their feet, seeing the sight before them. Sora starts to run, but 
something stops him. Elsa is weeping, her arms draped around the frozen 
form of Anna as Olaf, Kristoff and Sven look on. The sorrow in the air 
is palpable. Suddenly, the area around Anna's heart begins to steam and 
then melt, the magic making its way across her shoulders and down her 
arms and the cape billowing around her. Olaf gasps and Sven nudges 
Kristoff, who was looking away. Kristoff's eyes widen and Sora, Donald 
and Goofy wait with bated breath. The melting spreads through Anna's 
toes and fingertips and she finally takes a breath, her braid falling 
over her shoulder. The trio rush forward excitedly, but are surrounded 
by a whirlwind of darkness)

Sora: What?

(The whirlwind encases them in a dome and a flash spreads out from it, 
casting the world out of time. Sora peers through the dark wind, where 
Arendelle outside has stopped moving. Larxene appears before them)

Larxene: So, love has filled BOTH their hearts with light.

(They take a defensive stance)

Sora: Larxene!

Larxene: Two in one world... Definitely didn't see THAT coming.

Sora (angrily): First Marluxia, now you. What is this all about?!

Larxene: Oh, I see, so you bumped into Marluxia. (annoyed) Then why am 
I explaining this again? I told you before: The New Seven Hearts. If you 
mess up and don't find your seven guardians of light, we're gonna need 
another group to fall back on.

Sora: Leave innocent people out of it!

Larxene: Ohh, look at this tough guy. Such a big boy now. Well, maybe 
you should do your job, and find the other guardians of light.

Sora: Please, like you've found your thirteen. The King said you're one 
seeker of darkness short.

Larxene: Oh no, we're set.

(Donald and Goofy jump)

Sora: Huh?

(Larxene giggles through a wide grin and vanishes along with the dark dome)

Sora (thinking): They have all thirteen? Then if we don't find our seven, 
they'll go after Elsa and Anna.

(Elsa looks up, noticing her sister is alive. She smiles, giving her a 
big hug. Sora frowns, despite the happy reunion)

Goofy: It'll be okay. They're strong.

Donald: And now, it's our turn!

(He looks back at them)

Sora: You're right. They have each other.

Elsa: Anna...

Anna: Oh, Elsa.

Elsa: You sacrificed yourself for me?

Anna: I love you.

(Olaf gasps, lifting his head off his body)

Olaf: "An act of true love will thaw a frozen heart."

(Elsa and Anna hold hands)

Elsa: Love...will thaw. (to Anna) Love...

Anna: Elsa?

(Elsa looks down at her hands)

Elsa: Of course. Love!

(She spreads her arms downward and the ice from the fjord spreads out in a 
snowflake shape, magically taking off into the air. Kristoff marvels at 
this sight as Sven tries to catch a floating snowflake on his tongue. The 
magic spreads beneath Sora, Donald and Goofy who jump for joy)

Sora: Yes!

(As the lake thaws, a ship beneath the ice rises to the surface under 
their feet. The frozen magic flies throughout the down, breaking through 
the snow on the rooftops and the water in the fountains. As Elsa raises 
her arms, the floating ice coalesces into a giant snowflake in the air, 
and she blasts it apart with a wave. Everyone is overjoyed to see the sun, 
and Anna places her hand on Elsa's shoulder. Sora and company leave 
Arendelle and travel to Yen Sid's tower, where the sorcerer has also 
summoned King Mickey and Riku. They turn as the door opens)

Sora: Sorry we're late.

Mickey: It's okay. You got here as fast as you could.

(They fill everyone in on what they've learned so far)

Sora: The Organization claims to HAVE their thirteen darknesses.

Mickey: Do we believe it's true?

Sora: Umm...I don't know, but there's something else they keep mentioning. 
They're after a "New Seven Hearts," which seems to be code for "let's go 
bother more princesses."

Yen Sid: Well, as the original princesses of hearts' time for protecting 
the pure light has ended, they have passed the light to others. Our enemy 
must certainly be cognizant of this. If the "New Seven Hearts" is what 
they wish to call them, so be it.

Sora: But Kairi hasn't passed on her power. Is she one of the new seven?

Mickey: She must be. But still, she chose to wield a Keyblade and fight 
with us as one of the guardians of light.

Sora: Yeah...

Donald: We haven't found Terra yet.

Goofy: Hey, at least we've tracked down Ventus. Vanitas told us that he's 
inside Sora's heart.

Jiminy: And so did Ansem the Wise in his data, so it almost certainly must 
be true.

(Donald and Goofy nod)

Mickey: That's great! Now we can rescue Ven.

Riku: Maybe, except Aqua's the only one who knows where he's hidden. We 
still have to find her first.

(Sora feels a tugging in his chest)

Sora: I'll go.

Donald & Goofy: What?!

Mickey: Is that wise?

Yen Sid: You need the power of waking, Sora. Do you have it?

Sora: Uh...no? Probably not.

Yen Sid (sternly): Without that power, you are not ready to face the realm 
of darkness.

Sora: C'mon...

(Riku laughs)

Sora: What's so funny?

Riku: Sorry. Master Yen Sid knows you a little too well. He said you'd try 
to stage a half-baked rescue.

(Donald and Goofy start to laugh, followed by the King)

Sora: Yeah! Laugh it up!

Riku: Sora, I know you're volunterring because you're worried--about me and 
Mickey.

Sora: Yeah...

(Riku places a hand on his shoulder)

Riku: Well, thanks. But, the power of waking's important. You can come to 
the rescue once you've got that. Sound fair?

Sora: Yeah. All right. But be safe. No reckless stunts.

Riku (nodding): Yes, sir.

(Donald and Goofy move aside and Jiminy Cricket jumps down onto the duck's 
hat to whisper softly to each other)

Donald: Sora's the reckless one.

Jiminy: No, not exactly. He just doesn't think.

Goofy: If only he listened to Master Yen Sid the way he listens to Riku. 
That would be a good start.

Sora (miffed): I'm listening now.

(Everyone but Sora chuckles)

Yen Sid: Very good. Sora will continue his journey to build his powers, 
while Mickey and Riku will focus on the search for Aqua.

(They stand at attention)

Sora, Donald, Goofy, Riku & Mickey: Yes, sir!

(In the Badlands on the outskirts of the Keyblade Graveyard, Marluxia and 
Larxene stand atop thirteen pillars of earth)

Marluxia: So, why are you back?

Larxene: Nice way to greet your old partner in crime.

(Marluxia gives a small laugh at the title)

Larxene: So, why do you think the old geezer took us back? He must know 
we backstabbed the Organization when Xemnas was running it.

Marluxia: Xehanort doesn't care about you or me. To him, we're nothing but 
empty husks. The old Organization was the same. Xehanort needs thirteen 
vessels to hold his essence.

Larxene: Husks? Not me. You up for another coup?

(She gives him a coy smile)

?????: Oh, please. You couldn't do it last time. You gotta play it smart, 
like me.

(They look over to another pillar, where a man with blond hair is holding 
a large sitar)

Larxene: What?! You're not smart!

Demyx: Well, you heard what Marly said. I don't have to be smart.

(He smirks)

Larxene: Or capable, or likeable, or attractive. A cereal bowl would make 
a better vessel.

(Demyx tunes his strings)

Demyx: Whoa now, you are WAY out of line. I am extremely imposing...when I 
want to be. Which is, admittedly, almost never.

Larxene: Why haven't you gone to any worlds? Are you slacking?

Demyx: 'Course not. I got benched.

Larxene: Huh?

Marluxia: Sax brought Vexen on board. They must be planning to use replicas.

Larxene: Those windup toys?

Demyx: Oh, no. The replicas are way more real than you remember. I mean, one 
stole my spot!

(Larxene bursts into laughter)

Larxene: OF COURSE it stole your spot. You're dumb as a brick.

Demyx: Har-dee-har.

Marluxia: Vexen's latest replicas are no mere puppets. The Riku replica we 
used in Castle Oblivion was just a prototype. The next replica, the one 
crafted from Sora's memories, was real enough to join our ranks. And Vexen 
claims the new ones will be human in every way. If he ever finishes them.

Larxene: Oh... The thing is...I kinda told Sora and his nitwits that we're 
ready. My bad.

??????: Let them believe as much.

(Xemnas appears on another pillar)

Larxene: Ugh. Xemnas.

Xemnas: If they think that we have all thirteen darknesses, then they will 
panic. And panic leads to a lack of preparation.

Demyx: Yeah, totally.

(Larxene points towards Demyx)

Larxene: Why is this thing a member again?

Demyx: Hey now! Pointing is rude.

Xemnas: The first six members of the original Organization were all 
apprentices to Ansem the Wise, and the seventh and eighth members joined 
thereafter. The thirteenth member was Roxas, a Keyblade wielder. So. What 
about you? How do you suppose I chose numbers nine through twelve?

Larxene: Because our hearts are ber powerful.

Xemnas: Wrong. You have been brought together for another purpose.

??????: What? So that we can rot away on the bottom rung?

(A man with short blond hair and multiple earrings appears on the pillar 
adjacent to Demyx)

Larxene (sighing): You're in too? What is this, Organization Rehash?

Luxord: I happen to play an important role. No one "benched" me.

Demyx: You were listening? So not cool.

Luxord: One must hold one's cards as long as necessary.

Larxene: What "important role"? That stupid box that Xigbar claims is real, 
but won't tell us a thing about?

Luxord: You'll just have to ask Xigbar that.

(He plays with his cards in his hand)

Luxord: Now then, Xemnas, what is this "purpose"? You didn't invite us 
back for old times' sake.

Xemnas: You four are going to reveal your greatest secret: the ancient 
Keyblade legacy that slumbers within you.

(They each react with surprise and skepticism as Xemnas gives a breathy 
laugh. Meanwhile, Sora, Donald and Goofy return to Le Grand Bistrot in 
Twilight Town to give Little Chef more ingredients from their travels. 
Scrooge walks into the kitchen where Little Chef is perched on Sora's head)

Scrooge (ecstatic): Me business is boomin! Splendid! Just splendid! You two 
have outdone yourselves. The critics are going cuckoo and the register, 
"ka-ching". I canna wait to see what it is you cook up next.

(He takes out a present)

Scrooge: Nor can the customers.

(He offers the present and Sora takes it, laughing)

Sora: We try! Right, Little Chef?

(He lifts a finger to the rat, who high-fives it confidently. Later, Sora 
sets sail for a world of ships and sea-faring pirates. A sea shanty plays 
to open our tale:

"Yo ho, yo ho, a pirates life for me
The Kraken leapt from the ocean brine
Look out, me hearties yo ho
And to the Locker the sparrow confined
Look out, me hearties yo ho
Yo ho, yo ho, a pirates life for me
A goddess thought she'd a sparrow save
Look out, me hearties yo ho
And brought a blackguard back from the grave
Look out, me hearties yo ho
Yo ho, yo ho, a pirates life for me
The Flying Dutchman is on the hunt
Look out, me hearties yo ho
To punish a sparrow for his affront
Look out, me hearties yo ho
Yo ho, yo ho, a pirates life for me
Within the chest his secret sleeps
Look out, me hearties yo ho
The heart of Davy Jones still beats
Look out, me hearties yo ho
Yo ho, yo ho, a pirates life for me"

Sora, Donald and Goofy arrive in the night under a cloudless sky)

Sora (singing): Yo ho, yo ho, a pirates life for me

(Sora hums to the song as Donald and Goofy row, each dressed in pirate garb)

Donald: Why are you so happy?

Sora: 'Cause we get to be pirates again!

Goofy: Yep, you always did like this world.

Sora: How could anyone not? Still...it's a real shame we don't have a 
bigger ship.

(They sail upon a fairly small raft lit by a single lantern. The fog 
looms around them)

Donald: Got any idea where we're going?

Sora: Where else? The edge of the world!

(He points ahead confidently)

Goofy (saluting): Captain Sora!

(Sora puts on his best pirate voice)

Sora: What ails ya, Mister Goofy?

Goofy: The edge of the world!

(He points forward)

Sora: Aye!

Goofy: We're runnin' outta sea, sir!

Sora: Aye! We're runnin' outta sea.

(He chuckles, then glancing at Donald, realizes what Goofy said)

Sora & Donald: Running OUT?!

(Up ahead, the ocean water rushes forward and down into an abyss, dragging 
the raft with the current. The raft rocks, knocking Goofy over while Sora 
clutches the mast)

Sora: Hard to starboard!

(Goofy and Donald try rowing with reckless abandon as the edge grows nearer)

Goofy: But there's no time, Captain!

(The raft reaches the edge and careens over the waterfall, sending Sora, 
Donald and Goofy screaming over the world's end. In the midst of Davy 
Jones' Locker, the trio awake and sit up, surrounded on all sides by 
endless dry sand. The three sigh together)

Sora: Where'd we end up THIS TIME?

(Eventually, they get up and walk across the empty dunes, only finding 
more sand ahead of them, no matter how long they trudge)

Goofy: We've been walkin' forever.

Donald: I'm exhausted...

Sora: Some pirates. We won't get anywhere without a ship.

(He looks up through the heat in the air, making out an image of a pirate 
ship sailing over the desert)

Sora: A ship...

(He stops, causing Goofy, and then Donald, to crash into him)

Donald: Sora... This is dry land.

(The duck shrieks as he also sees the ship)

Goofy: Oh boy!

(Strangely enough, the ship comes clearer into view, drifting through the 
sand as if by magic)

Sora, Donald & Goofy: It IS a ship!

(They run to catch up to the forward vessel, being pulled by an incalculable 
amount of odd white crabs. From behind, a familiar man gains on them and 
then passes by, raising an arm in greeting)

????: Hail, Sora!

Sora: Huh? (excited) Jack Sparrow!

(Jack stops momentarily to face them)

Jack Sparrow: CAPTAIN Jack Sparrow.

Goofy: Sure is!

(Donald giggles)

Sora: Hey, Jack. Where are we?

(He looks back at Jack, who's already begun running again)

Jack Sparrow: Belay that. Ship absconding!

Sora: Huh?

Jack Sparrow: Help me catch the Pearl before she gets away!

Sora (saluting): Aye, aye, Captain!

(They race to catch up with the Black Pearl, but are delayed by attacking 
Heartless)

Donald: Heartless?

Goofy: We better get rid of 'em quick.

(The Pearl turns, sending cannonfire in their direction)

Sora: Who's shooting at us?

Jack Sparrow: Cease fire! Cease fire!

(They avoid the cannonballs and take out the Earth Core Heartless, using 
the slowed momentum of the Pearl to their advantage. Reaching the still 
moving ship, a group of Anchor Raider Heartless appear, swinging the 
anchors at the end of their right hands like propellers)

Sora: That's who's doing this.

Jack Sparrow: No one said you could use my ship!

(Together with Captain Jack, they take out the Anchor Raiders and take 
back the Pearl. Jack Sparrow watches from atop the mast as the ship crests 
the final sand dune and reaches the sea's edge of Davy Jones' Locker. Sora, 
Donald and Goofy stand at the bow, as more familiar faces stand aghast at 
the sight from the beach. Elizabeth Swann and her betrothed Will Turner are 
joined by the previously deceased Hector Barbossa and others in their crew. 
A mysterious woman with dreadlocks named Tia Dalma pets the crab in her 
hand, chuckling to herself. Will watches in amazement as the Black Pearl 
settles into the water with a loud splash. As Jack and the trio disembark 
from the Pearl as it reaches the sea, a smiles comes to the faces of both 
Elizabeth and Joshamee Gibbs, Jack's first mate)

Gibbs: Jack!

Jack Sparrow (commandingly): Mister Gibbs.

Gibbs: Aye, Cap'n.

Jack Sparrow: I thought so. I expect you're able to account for your 
actions, then.

Gibbs (confused): Sir?

Jack Sparrow: There's been a perpetual and virulent lack of discipline upon 
my vessel--why?

Gibbs: Sir, you're... You're in Davy Jones' Locker, Cap'n.

(Jack's face twitches)

Sora: Davy Jones' Locker?

Jack Sparrow: I know that. I know where I am. And don't think I don't.

(He turns to Sora)

Jack Sparrow: I'm in Davy Jones' Locker. Assuredly.

Barbossa: Jack Sparrow.

(Sora gasps)

Sora: Barbossa!

(Barbossa smiles at them cheekily as the wind blows through the feather 
in his wide-brimmed hat. Jack saunters forward towards him)

Jack Sparrow: Ah, Hector! It's been too long. Hasn't it?

Barbossa: Aye, Isla de Muerta, remember? You shot me.

Jack Sparrow: No, I didn't.

(Will and Elizabeth walk up to Sora and friends)

Will: Sora. We meet again.

Elizabeth: It's lovely to see you all.

Sora: Oh! Will. Elizabeth. Is...something about you different?

(They notice her more pirate-y clothing)

Goofy: Yeah, you look all swashbuckly.

Elizabeth: Well, I've seen some adventures. But I never thought I'd find 
YOU here.

Sora: Speaking of... Where exactly IS "here"? What's all this about a locker?

Will: Davy Jones' Locker. Jack neglected to repay a certain debt to Jones. 
So Jones sent the Kracken to devour Jack, and that's how he ended up here.

Sora: Then...Davy Jones' Locker... (frightened) You're saying that we've 
gone beyond...

Goofy (sadly): Beyond the grave?

(Donald whimpers)

Elizabeth: And we're here to wrest Jack from his fate.

(Jack notices the mysterious woman with them)

Jack Sparrow: Tia Dalma, out and about, eh?

(She smiles at him)

Jack Sparrow: You add an agreeable sense of the macabre to any delirium.

(She chuckles softly)

Will: He thinks we're a hallucination.

Jack Sparrow: Heh... Complete with these three masqueraders.

(He motions toward Sora, Donald and Goofy)

Elizabeth: Jack, this is real. We're here. We've come to rescue you!

(He looks at her, cycling through his emotions)

Jack Sparrow: Have you, now? That's very kind of you. But it would seem that 
as I possess a ship and you don't, you're the ones in need of rescuing. And 
I'm not sure as I'm in the mood.

(He walks up to Elizabeth, narrowing his eyes, and Will moves forward)

Will: Jack, Cutler Beckett has the heart of Davy Jones. He controls the 
Flying Dutchman.

Elizabeth: He's taking over the seas.

Tia Dalma: And him must be stopped. The Brethren Court is called.

(Jack turns to her)

Jack Sparrow: Leave you people alone for just a minute and look what 
happens. Everything's gone to pot!

(He throws his hands up in the air. Sora turns to Donald and Goofy, 
crossing his arms)

Sora: I'm lost. What's going on?

Goofy: Well, umm...sounds to me like this Beckett fella they mentioned is 
tryin' to conquer the ocean.

Sora: Oh.

Donald (scowling): The sea belongs to everyone!

Sora: Yeah! No conquerers.

Donald: Yeah!

(They nod)

Gibbs: Listen, Jack. The world needs you back somethin' fierce.

Will: And you need a crew.

Jack Sparrow: Why should I sail with any of you? Four of you have tried to 
annihilate me.

Sora (waving): Jack, WE'RE on your side.

Jack Sparrow: Aye, so you are, mates. I never could have caught the Pearl 
without you. Sora, Donald, Goofy, you're hired.

Sora: Yes!

Jack Sparrow: Now, as for the rest of you...

(He walks up to Tia Dalma and copies her infectious smile)

Jack Sparrow: Tia Dalma, you're in. Gibbs, you can come.

(Gibbs gives a satisfied chortle)

Jack Sparrow: Weigh anchor, all hands! Prepare to make sail!

(The crew starts toward the Pearl as Jack takes out his compass, the 
needle spinning continuously. Unsatisfied, he closes it. A captain without 
a heading)

Barbossa: Jack... 

(He looks over, seeing a grinning Barbossa holding up the ancient charts)

Barbossa: Which way you goin', Jack?

(Hector taps on the maps with his long fingers forcing Jack to hold back a 
sneer. Later, once everyone is aboard, Jack lets Sora try his hand at the 
wheel)

Jack Sparrow: Right then, Mister Sora. The helm is yours, provided...you 
pass muster.

(He places a hand on Sora's shoulder)

Sora: Huh?

(Jack leans in closer, pointing ahead)

Jack Sparrow: See that island there with the two peaks? Prove you can reach 
that, and the open sea is yours.

Sora: Oh!

(He gives an excited laugh)

Sora: Aye, aye!

(Later, after sailing for a while, the ship has nearly come to a stop. 
Sora, Donald and Goofy sit on deck at the base of the mast)

Sora: So, we DO have a destination, right?

Goofy: I can't tell anymore.

Donald: Jack is just making it up.

(Jack stands at a pair of barrels, idly playing with the rings of the map 
charts. Tia Dalma walks up to them and smiles)

Tia Dalma: Cast your fate with Jack Sparrow, and you soon be sharing in the 
wrath of Davy Jones.

Sora: The guy Will mentioned? Who does he think he is, anyway? And what did 
Jack ever do to him?

Tia Dalma (coyly suspicious): Truly? You don't know who Davy Jones be? And 
you say you be men of the sea?

(The three tense up and Sora tries to cover)

Sora: Let's put it this way--we're from ANOTHER sea.

(Donald and Goofy nod in agreement)

Tia Dalma: Are you now? Jack and Davy Jones' fate be intertwined. Jones, 
him raised Jack's precious Pearl from the depths and make Jack captain for 
thirteen years. In exchange, Jack promise to give Jones him soul as payment. 
But thirteen years pass, and Jack fail to return.

(Will concerningly looks toward Elizabeth, who herself is frowning, her 
back turned to him)

Tia Dalma: So Jones, him send the Kraken to devour Jack, taking him and 
the Pearl back to the depths. But... if Jones learn that Witty Jack cheat 
that fate, him wanna punish Jack even worse. And Jack's friends, too.

(Sora, Donald and Goofy whimper)

Donald: Are you, um, talking about us?

Goofy: Ya mean that the Kraken's gonna eat us?

Sora: Aw, let the Kraken have a crack. I ain't scared!

(She leans over him)

Tia Dalma: Hmm... Not scared at all? That be rare. Most men, them run for 
land at the mention of the Kraken. Not you.

(She stands, turning in Jack's direction)

Tia Dalma: But Jack be scared. He want to be free of his debt to Davy Jones. 
That's why him need the box.

Sora, Donald and Goofy: Box?!

(Sora glances at Donald in mutual understanding)

Tia Dalma: It be a chest...where Davy Jones lock away the part of him that 
hurt. The pain it cause him was too much to live with...but not enough to 
cause him to die.

Sora: And...what part of him is that?

(She chuckles, placing a hand over her chest)

Tia Dalma: Him heart.

(Meanwhile on the deck of a separate vessel, Vexen stands with Luxord)

Vexen: Oh, how does he do it? A creature absent a heart and yet somehow 
able to keep existing... Not even my finest replica can claim that 
achievement. The secret must be in that box. I have to know what mysteries 
it contains.

Luxord: I believe our orders were to find the box and seize it. No more. 
Put a leash on that runaway curiosity.

Vexen: Always so shortsighted. Why would the Organization seek me out 
just as soon as I was recompleted--if not to affirm my intellectual prowess 
and invest in my research? Every stride I make is a stride for all of us.

Luxord: Oh really? And what exactly are we striding towards?

(Vexen narrows an eye)

Vexen: Luxord, do I detect...a hint of treachery in your words?

Luxord: What? Don't be absurd. But to be clear, I serve the Organization. 
I don't share your need to please Xemnas. He's good at wrapping you around 
his little finger--always has been.

Vexen: All I desire is the freedom to continue my research. Ansem the Wise 
refused to nurture my talents. So I cast my lot with Xemnas--with Xehanort, 
rather. Simple as that.

Luxord: I see. And you don't care how he uses your research?

Vexen: Not in the slightest. All that concerns me is that I complete the 
perfect human vessel.

Luxord: That's all well and good. But I know this world better than you. 
Kindly stay out of the way.

Vexen: Oh, of course. Considering those pests have shown up, I'd hardly 
get anything done.

Luxord: I already know what to do with the "pests." Then you can resume 
your stuffy studies.

Vexen: Ah, that's my boy. I'll be watching from the shadows, then.

(He disappears in a corridor of darkness. Back aboard the Black Pearl, 
Sora along with the ship and the crew have been entirely submerged in the 
water. They hold their breath as the sun sets with a flash of green. 
Suddenly, the water surges downward and the Black Pearl emerges from the 
sea, the briny water splashing off its sails. The crew inhales the sea 
air and regains their bearings. Sora stands, waving water off his wet clothes)

Sora: Thanks, Jack. You could've warned us.

Goofy: Yeah, everything went topsy-turvy and upsy-downsy!

Sora: Well, at least we're back in the land of the living.

Donald: Thank goodness!

(Jack stands up and adjusts his hat)

Jack Sparrow: Never fear. All according to plan.

Barbossa: But that be no reason to rest easy.

(He looks out to sea, Will following his lead)

Will: A ship!

(They gaze at another pirate ship sailing in their direction)

Elizabeth: I've never seen one like that.

(A horde of Vaporflies sails out ahead of it)

Sora: Heartless!

(Tia Dalma smirks at his understanding of the situation as a Raging Vulture 
Heartless soars above the ship. It roars, sending a cascade of energy from 
its two cannon wings)

Gibbs: Look out!

(The first strike hits the water, causing a giant splash and rocking the 
Black Pearl, knocking the crew off balance and spraying them with mist)

Jack Sparrow: Barbossa, have you allied with those fiends again?

Barbossa: Don't impugn me honor. Why would I conspire with them?

Jack Sparrow: But you DID conspire with them.

Elizabeth: Could you discuss it later?

(Tia Dalma whispers something in Sora's ear)

Sora: Huh?

(She laughs softly, smiling as he looks back at her before walking away)

Will: Get ready!

(The Raging Vulture flies overhead)

Goofy: Hmm... I sure do wish we could get a little closer.

Donald: What? Walk on air? We can't do that!

(Vaporfly Heartless zoom above them, leaving trails of colored smoke in 
their wake)

Sora: We can!

(Sora runs forward before they can stop him)

Donald & Goofy: Sora!

(He jumps off the ship's deck and onto a blue smoke trail, riding it up 
into the sky)

Sora (yelling back): Donald and Goofy, protect the ship! I'll handle the 
Heartless.

(He reaches the Vaporfly and jumps aboard. Utilizing the Vaporfly's 
torpedoes and flight, Sora weakens the Raging Vulture before leaping aboard 
the Heartless itself. As he grabs hold of one of the Vulture's back spikes, 
the Heartless flaps its wings, flying higher into the sky. Once it settles 
down, Sora leaps across its back from spike to spike. The bird's long neck 
turns to face him as he reaches its head and screams in his face, almost 
knocking him off)

Sora: Taaake...THIS!

(Sora leaps at the face of the Vulture, serving up a killing blow. A 
cracking sound reverberates and the Heartless starts to glow, a giant Heart 
rising out of its body as its form dissipates)

Sora: All right!

(As the Vaporflies vanish in succession, Sora is stranded in the air)

Sora: Wha-- Wait! Oh noooooo!

(He falls, landing straight down into the water. Not too long after...)

Donald: Sora?

Goofy: Sora?

(He opens his eyes, seeing the faces of Donald and Goofy staring down at him)

Donald & Goofy: Sora!

(He lies on a sandy beach with the sound of the waves in his ears)

Sora (weakly): Donald? Goofy?

(They nod and he slowly sits up)

Sora: Where are the others?

Goofy: After you fell, we came looking for ya. I guess they musta kept goin'.

Donald (sternly): That's desertion.

Sora: Oh... And I was so happy that we got to see them again.

Jack: That eager to sail under Captain Jack Sparrow?

(They turn to see Jack approach from behind)

Sora, Donald & Goofy: Jack!

(A white crab falls out from behind his leg and scuttles away. Meanwhile, 
aboard another ship, the Endeavour, the real Jack Sparrow has been pulled 
aboard and into the Captain's Cabin, where he finds Lord Cutler Beckett)

Beckett: Perhaps you'll consider an arrangement. One which requires nothing 
from you but information.

(He holds out a small glass of sherry, which Jack takes)

Jack Sparrow: Regarding the Brethren Court, no doubt.

(Beckett raises his own glass up to drink, which Jack takes also)

Jack Sparrow: In exchange for fair compensation...

(Jack drinks the first glass)

Jack Sparrow: Square my debt with Jones...

(and the second)

Jack Sparrow: Guarantee my freedom...

(Beckett pops the cork on the bottle of sherry and pours another drink)

Beckett: Of course. It's just good business.

(Jack picks up a small human statue)

Jack Sparrow: Were I in a divulgatory mood, what then might I divulge?

Beckett: Everything. Where are they meeting? What are their plans?

(Back on the Huddled Isles, Sora, Donald and Goofy are with Jack)

Jack: Shall we?

(He turns away, leading them further into the island)

Sora: Shall we what?

Jack: Some pirate! Won't get anywhere without a ship.

(Donald and Goofy exchange puzzled looks)

Jack: So, let's go get one.

(Sora can barely contain his excitement)

Sora: Yes!

(Sora chuckles happily and starts to follow Jack, Donald and Goofy after him)

Goofy: Sora and Jack sure are cut from the same cloth.

Donald: They even talk alike!

(Sora stops, reflecting on what Tia Dalma has whispered to him earlier)

Tia Dalma: Use that key to free me, Sora, and you have my most certain 
promise--all the power on the sea you ever wish for be yours.

Sora: Free her how?

Donald: Sora?

Goofy: What's wrong?

Sora: Huh?

(He turns around)

Sora: Oh, nothing, really. I'm good.

(They explore the island, swimming into one of the many underwater caverns)

Goofy: Look! Something's glowin'.

(They see two strange glowing rods emerging from the seabed)

Donald: And there's a chest!

(A chest is nestled directly between the rods)

Goofy: That seems suspiciously convenient.

Sora: I'll check it out.

(He swims closer)

Donald: Sora, this could be dangerous.

(Sora smirks)

Sora: But Donald! No pirate worth his salt ignores treasure.

(Sora swims to the sea floor and taps on the treasure chest. Suddenly 
the ground beneath him quakes, sending up dirt in the water and clouding 
his vision, as two gigantic blue jaws clamp over him and the chest. 
Breaking out of the ground, the Lightning Angler ejects Sora from his 
mouth and attacks them. After a strike with electricity from the Heartless's 
many glowing spikes, the trio manage to dislodge the treasure chest from 
within its throat. Its eye scans its surroundings, trying to make a break 
for it, but crashes into the cave wall. The Heart floats out of its body 
as the rocky wall opens into a further cave containing jellyfish. Exploring 
the inner cave, they reach a tunnel that becomes shallow until they wade 
into a huge open-air cavern. Inside, they find an abandoned pirate ship 
with orange sails)

Sora: Oh, cool.

(They run forward, Sora leaping into the air)

Sora: Woo-hoo! It's our very own ship!

(He laughs)

Jack: Are you certain about that?

(Jack appears from up on deck)

Sora: Jack?

Jack: Finder's keepers.

Goofy: How'd he get here so fast?

Jack: Mine. Savvy?

(Donald stamps his foot)

Donald: No savvy!

Sora: Jack, you already have the Black Pearl.

Jack: Aye, to which this ship holds no candle. But, take what you can, mate.

(He walks forward, but stops)

Jack: Now then, my ship has a captain, but it does appear I'm in need of 
a crew.

(He turns around in their direction)

Jack: Suppose you'll have to do. Don't dawdle. Climb aboard!

(He waves them on)

Sora: Ummm...

(They enter the Leviathan and Sora takes the helm)

Jack: Ready now, helmsman?

Sora: Ready enough, Cap'n, but...aren't we kinda...trapped?

Jack: Now, Sora, I know you've made passage through straits far more dire 
than this. Just follow your heart's command.

(He nods, grabbing the help with both hands and taking a deep breath. Ahead, 
the cave wall collapses into open air, the bright sun shining through and 
allowing the seawater to unmoor the ship from the sandbar)

Sora: Make way!

(The ship sails out of the cave, free to sail the Caribbean ocean. Once 
they find their bearings, they sail into a fog, where a giant ship silently 
sails near them. Its sails are emblazoned with the Nobody insignia)

Sora: That ship...

(Donald and Goofy summon their weapons)

Donald: It's the Heartless.

(Goofy sees a hooded figure on its deck)

Goofy: But look. This time there's somebody aboard.

Sora: Isn't that...

Jack: Not the merry company I'd hoped for.

(The hooded figure removes his hood to reveal...)

Luxord: Parley!

Sora: A black coat.

Jack: Of course...

(Luxord boards the Leviathan)

Sora: You back in the Organization?

Luxord: Yes. Surprising, isn't it, that they'd do me the honor? Never count 
your cards until they've all been dealt.

Sora: Jack, don't you give this creep the time of day.

Donald: Yeah!

Luxord: Come now, are you really so unsophisticated that you'd decline a 
gentlemanly conversation?

Sora: What'd you say?!

Jack: Sora. Stand down. It's the Code. Mustn't strike a pirate aboard ship...
when said pirate offers to confabulate.

Luxord: Ah yes. And how could I love games and contests without honoring the 
rules? Because only by winning fairly does victory have any savor at all.

Jack: But...of course the Code is actually more guidelines than rules. Speak 
your piece.

Luxord: I am looking...for a box. A chest, perhaps.

(Jack's face twitches)

Luxord: You know the one?

Jack: Yes. M-maybe. No! I know of A box. But said box is not a box you want 
to trifle with, mate. Trust me.

Luxord: Really? A wager, then.

Jack: And of what nature would this wager be?

Luxord: What say we have a little race to that charming port town which you 
hold so dear?

Jack: Port Royal?

Luxord: Yes. Whoever reaches it first is the victor. And the stakes: you 
tell me all about that chest.

Jack: Against what?

Luxord: I will get you whatever it is you want.

(Jack mulls over this)

Jack: Done!

Sora: Jack!

Luxord: Then we have an accord.

(Luxord teleports from the Leviathan back to his own ship)

Luxord: Now, let us begin!

Jack: All hands! Prepare to make sail!

(Jack starts walking toward the stairs)

Sora: But Jack!

Jack: Drop canvas!

(Sora runs after him)

Sora: Hey... Jack!

(Jack rushes up the stairs)

Jack: With a will, lads!

Sora: Jack, listen!

Jack (whirling around): What?!

Sora: You can't let him get his hands on that box. Do you really know 
whatever it is that he's looking for?

Jack: Let's just say...there's a potential possibility he wants the chest 
containing Davy Jones' heart. But I haven't the foggiest notion why he'd 
covet the blighted thing.

Goofy: Is it a BLACK box?

Jack: It is more black than blue... So, yes!

Sora (to Donald and Goofy): Hmm... Do you think it's the one?

Donald: Could be.

Goofy: And winnin' the race would keep it out of Organization XIII's hands.

Sora: Hey... You're right!

Jack: What are you three muttering on about?

Sora: Basically, we need to win this race.

Jack: Precisely. No purchase, no pay. You might have the makings of a pirate 
after all.

Sora: Yeah!

(Sora rushes to the helm and the race begins)

Goofy: First one to Port Royal wins!

Jack: And I say we make it interesting. Let's try out those cannons.

(They sail east, weaving between small islands, and fighting off Heartless 
ships until they have Port Royal in their sights)

Jack: That's it. Don't let up now!

Goofy: Go, go go!

(They near the waters of the port)

Donald: Getting close!

Jack: Lookouts, report!

Goofy: Starboard side, all clear!

Donald: Port, too!

Sora: We got this one in the bag.

(From behind the fog looms heavy and other ships appear around Luxord's 
vessel, gaining on them)

Luxord: The game isn't over until it's over.

(Luxord raises an arm)

Luxord: Fire!

(From both sides, the ships aim their cannons at the Leviathan, rocking 
the boat)

Jack: They're closing in! Come about! Make ready to return fire!

(Sora nods)

Sora: Aye, aye!

(Sora spins the wheel with a large thrust and the ship begins to turn as 
a multitude of cannonballs splash in the water around them, near misses. 
It's a full-on naval battle as they take down the sister ships in Luxord's 
fleet. Soon they focus their efforts on taking down Luxord's ship. When 
the mast topples over, the battle is nearly won)

Jack: Prepare to board!

(They launch their arrow-shaped anchor into the ship and use the chain to 
board)

Luxord: Another game it is, then.

(Luxord snaps his fingers summoning a group of Heartless and Nobodies, and 
retreats into the ship. Once the battle is over, Luxord reappears, clapping)

Luxord: Magnificent! I salute you all, gentlemen.

Sora (scowling): You're up to something.

Donald: Admit it!

Luxord: Perish the thought. I know when I've been outdone.

Jack: You were outdone before you even started, mate. But I admire your 
conciliatory way of conceding defeat.

(Luxord quickly brushes away the polite insult)

Luxord: Yes... Now, I believe I owe you your prize. But I neglected to 
ask what it is that you want. Perhaps...you'll enlighten me?

Jack: Aye, that's easy. I want the chest that's aboard the Dutchman.

Goofy: No, Jack, don't tell him!

(There is an awkward pause)

Luxord: Really?

(Jack has half-way realized his mistake)

Jack: Not good?

(Sora realizes)

Sora: Oh, Jaaack...

(Sora, Donald and Goofy summon their weapons)

Jack: Well...I didn't tell him WHICH Dutchman.

(Jack draws his sword and Donald glares at Luxord)

Donald: You tricked him!

Luxord: Actually, I outwitted him.

Sora: You knew he'd tell you where it was!

Luxord (chuckling): I've always been far more interested in the long game. 
Now, let's see where it takes us. That is, if you stay apace.

(Luxord disappears into a corridor of darkness. Sora hears a buzzing off 
to his right)

Sora: Huh?

(A group of Vaporfly Heartless swoop in and knock the party back onto the 
Leviathan. Sora gets up, rushing to the edge of the deck, and sees that 
Luxord's ship has vanished)

Sora: After him!

(He starts to run for the helm)

Jack: Nay. There's no point.

Sora (stopping): Why not?

Jack: The ship's listing near to scuppers from that cannon fire. She'll be 
needing repairs. Best make berth at Port Royal.

Sora: Whaaat?

(They dock at Port Royal and walk up the marina)

Jack: Look for crabs. They'll set her right.

Sora: Crabs? Why crabs?

Jack: Never mind the particulars, mate. The white crabs. Savvy?

Sora: Aye, aye.

(They search Port Royal from top to bottom for the elusive white crabs. 
After gathering a sufficient amount, they return to the Leviathan)

Jack: Aye, that's all of 'em. Now, to my final task. Be back in a trice.

(Jack leaves momentarily and brings the ship back to shipshape)

Jack: There, mates. Fit to sail any sea. Now, Sora, one final inquiry: is 
there any particular reason you wanted this ship?

(Sora's eyes widen at the question and he thinks on it)

Sora: Yeah, to explore the seas, free as the wind.

Jack: Good answer. You ARE a pirate... Captain Sora.

(Sora smiles for a moment)

Sora: But, Jack...why do you keep saying "final," like you're leaving?

Jack: Ah... It's because THIS me has run his course, mate.

(Three white crabs fall from his body and one scuttles away, catching 
Donald's attention)

Sora: "This" you?

Jack: Aye, the surrogate me that the goddess of the sea sent here to help 
you lot. Of course, any me is still me. I may be duplicatable, but I'm 
always incomparable. The sea, she smiles upon us, Sora--and let's leave it 
at that, shall we? For now, the REAL me has a crucial engagement...at 
Shipwreck Cove, where the Pirate Brethren will meet Beckett and his lot in 
battle to win back our freedom.

Sora: Then let us help.

(Donald and Goofy nod)

Jack: No, it's for pirates to resolve. But not you, Sora.

(Jack begins to glow)

Jack: You're as free as the winds now, and far you'll go.

(Jack explodes into a burst of light, leaving behind a pile of white crabs. 
They settle on the dock and splash down into the water. The trio watch them 
go)

Goofy: So, Jack was showin' us the way.

Donald: Even if he did get tricked.

Sora: Jack... He said it was the pirates' battle to fight.

(He smiles brightly)

Sora: But a fight for pirates...

(He gets Donald and Goofy to join him)

Sora, Donald & Goofy: ...is a fight for us!

(The three of them punch the sky)

Sora: C'mon! Let's find the real Jack!

(Before meeting in battle, on a sparkling white strip of sand, Captain 
Jack Sparrow, Elizabeth, and Barbossa walk away from a longboat beached on 
one side, toward a second longboat on the other side. The threesome draw 
near to the three others who have docked: Cutler Beckett, Davy Jones and 
Will Turner. Jonas, as per his curse by the goddess Calypso, stands in a 
bucket of water. They regard each other in silence; this is an attempt at 
parley)

Beckett: You made a deal with me, Jack, to deliver the pirates. And here 
they are. Don't be bashful. Step up. Claim your reward.

(Elizabeth and Barbossa look to their left at Jack, who looks to his left, 
too. He makes no effort to corroborate Beckett's words)

Davy Jones: Sparrow. Your debt to me is still to be satisfied. One hundred 
years in servitude aboard the Dutchman. As a start.

Jack Sparrow: That debt was paid, mate.

Davy Jones: You escaped.

Elizabeth: I propose an exchange.

(Jack turns to Elizabeth and Beckett perks up)

Elizabeth: Will leaves with us...and you can take Jack.

(Barbossa and Sparrow are taken aback by this offer)

Will: Done.

Jack Sparrow: Undone.

Beckett: Done.

Barbossa (to Elizabeth): Jack's one of the nine Pirate Lords. You have no 
right.

Elizabeth (dismissively): King.

(Elizabeth turns away from him to Jack, the reason for her being declared 
Pirate King of the Brethren Court. He smirks and doffs his hat)

Jack Sparrow: As you command, your nibs.

Barbossa: Scurvy blackguard!

(Barbossa draws his sword and slices at Jack, just missing him and tearing 
off the circlet coin that hung from his hair. It falls to the sand and the 
two men regard each other)

Jack Sparrow: Easy there, mate. You wouldn't want to damage the leverage, 
now would you?

(Jack moves to cross and Barbossa picks up the coin with a smirk)

Beckett: Now...

(Will and Jack complete the cross, keeping eyes on each other. Reaching 
Beckett, the lord motions Jack to stand beside Jones. He does so nervously, 
donning his hat, and Jones breathes menacingly in his face. Beckett steps 
forward and Jack saunters to the side making space between him and Jones)

Beckett: Advise your Brethren. You can fight, and all of you will die. Or 
you can not fight, in which case only most of you will die.

(Elizabeth moves closer)

Elizabeth: We will fight. And YOU will die.

(Elizabeth walks away, followed by Will and Barbossa. Meanwhile, Sora, 
Donald and Goofy return to the High Seas and look off to the north, where 
large clouds have begun to gather)

Donald: Look at those clouds!

Goofy: That must be Shipwreck Cove, the place that Jack told us about.

(They sail into the Northern Waters, the wind blowing through Sora's pirate 
garb)

Donald: The water looks turbulent in that direction.

(Nearly to their destination, the fog looms heavy and out sails Luxord's ship)

Sora: Luxord!

Luxord: Ahh, you do know how to make good time. Yes, one must simply marvel 
at your celerity. But, such compulsive behavior is eventually going to 
bring you nothing but sorrow.

(He snaps his fingers and more ships appear around him as his disappears)

Sora: Lost him again.

(Goofy blocks the sun with his hand, seeing the fleet of ships before them)

Goofy: How are we gonna go after him?

Donald: First, get those Heartless!

Sora: Right!

(Sora steers the ship to the right, aiming the starboard cannons in the 
fleet's direction. Keeping the wind in their sails, they target the 
Heartless ships, managing to sink several of them. Once out of range, Sora 
turns again, but the maneuver slows their speed such that they take on 
some cannonfire, sending splinters of wood into the air. Getting the boat 
back on track, they are surrounded, with ships on either side planning to 
cut them off or ram into them. They ready both the port and starboard 
cannons as the wind direction changes, speeding them along. Seeing their 
chance to neutralize the threat if they can pass through to Shipwreck 
Cove faster than the fleet can catch them, they open fire on the enemy, 
sending bursts of wood and sail crashing to the depths of the sea. The 
fog lightens once safety is assured)

Sora: He's plotting to swipe the chest in the heat of battle.

Goofy: To Shipwreck Cove!

Donald: Fast!

(Sora nods. Sailing into Shipwreck Cove, amongst the incredible amount of 
pirate ships Sora spots the Black Pearl as a torrent of crabs flow over 
the sides into the water. Calypso has been freed. Will looks up as the 
Leviathan pulls alongside)

Sora: Guys! Are you okay?

Will: Sora... You're a welcome sight!

(Sora, Donald and Goofy board the Pearl)

Elizabeth: We've all been quite worried about you.

(The sight of a few straggling crabs on the deck catches Sora's eye)

Sora: Isn't that...?

Elizabeth: Sora?

Sora: Where's Jack? And Tia Dalma?

Elizabeth: I'm afraid you've missed a few things while you've been gone.

Will: Jack... He's...he's been taken by Cutler Beckett.

Elizabeth: Yes, and Beckett commands Davy Jones and the Flying Dutchman.

Will: Barbossa thought we could defeat them if we released Calypso, the 
goddess of the sea, who was really Tia Dalma, bound in human form.

(A crab scuttles up to Will's shoe, but quickly turns away from the 
obstruction)

Will: But it didn't work.

Barbossa: Aye, a fickle goddess Calypso be.

Goofy: So what now?

Barbossa: Nothin'. Our final hope has failed us.

(Sora remembers Tia Dalma's words once again)

Tia Dalma: Use that key to free me, Sora, and you have my most certain 
promise--all the power on the sea you ever wish for be yours.

Sora (thinking): So...Tia Dalma was Calypso. She's the one who was helping us.

(He looks down at the crabs)

Sora (thinking): And you know what? I think...that she might just be able 
to help us again.

(He turns to Will and Elizabeth)

Sora: You can't give up now. We can all fight, together.

(Donald and Goofy nod)

Sora: The sea belongs to everyone!

(The hopeful determination coming from Sora is infectious, even catching 
Barbossa's interest)

Donald: I said that. Don't copy my expressions!

Sora: Huh? You did?

(Donald nods vehemently)

Goofy: Sometimes it just goes in one ear and right out the other.

Sora: Wait... Really?

Donald: Yes!

(Elizabeth looks toward the sky, where the wind has picked up. Mr. Gibbs 
follows her gaze, as does Barbossa)

Elizabeth: It's not over. There's still hope for us.

(She turns, walking across the deck past the crew)

Elizabeth: You will listen to me. (shouting) Listen!

(She ascends to the edge of the deck, grabbing hold of the rigging)

Elizabeth: The Brethren will still be looking here to us, to the Black 
Pearl, to lead. And they will see free men and freedom! Our enemy will 
see the flash of our cannons and hear the ring of our swords, and they 
will see the courage of our hearts as we succeed and they fail. Gentlemen... 
Hoist the colours!

Will: Hoist the colours!

Sora: Hoise the colours!

(The rest of the crew release shouts of tenacity)

Goofy: Hooray!

Donald: Oh boy!

(The clouds above begin to rotate and sheets of rain begin to fall. 
Lightning strikes down at the sea as a giant whirpool begins to turn slowly. 
The two formations converge, the Black Pearl outpacing the pirate fleet 
and the Flying Dutchman outpacing the Armada. Between them the sea continues 
to swirl. The two warring ships sail into the maelstrom and ready their 
cannons, the Leviathan following the Pearl. Cannonfire thunders as the two 
ships battle across the abyss. In awe of this spectacle, Sora steers the 
Leviathan as the rain pelts down on him. Luxord appears on the quarterdeck 
and Sora whirls around)

Sora: I knew it was you!

(Luxord walks to the edge of the ship, looking down at Jones's vessel)

Luxord: So that's the Flying Dutchman.

Sora: The chest Jack told you about has the heart of Davy Jones in it. 
There's no way it's the chest that you're looking for!

(Luxord gives a haughty chuckle)

Luxord: No one knows what's in the chest we're looking for. If it's a black 
box, then we are to collect it, simple as that.

Sora: You don't know what's in it? Then why do you need it? How will you 
know you've found it?

Luxord: Got me. Regrettably, the higher-ups haven't deigned to tell us. But 
they did say the box contains "hope."

Sora: Huh?

Luxord: That's all you'll get from me.

(He looks over at the Black Pearl, still firing on the Dutchman)

Luxord: Hmm, it's far to chaotic to find the box like this. Perhaps I'll 
remove that ship from the picture.

(He snaps his fingers and the boat lurches upward as thick, slithering 
tentacles rise out of the water surrounding the Black Pearl. The crew dives 
out of the way as they crash down onto the deck. Barbossa holds tight to 
the helm as the ship is lifted high into the air by the Kraken. Sora's eyes 
grow wide)

Luxord: Now, this should afford me time to look.

(Luxord vanishes in a corridor of darkness)

Sora: THEY'RE looking for hope?

Donald: Hey! 

Goofy: Will and the others need us!

Sora: Yeah, I know!

(Sora maneuvers the Leviathan alongside the Kraken in an attempt to free 
the Black Pearl from its clutches. The Flying Dutchman uses this 
opportunity to fire on the Leviathan, expecting the Pearl to be crushed 
by the sea monster. Meanwhile, Jack has secretly escaped the brig on the 
Flying Dutchman and gotten his hands on the chest. He stops as Luxord 
appears before him)

Luxord: So, you got what you want. Perhaps you're the better player among 
us. However, I must demand you give THAT to me.

Jack Sparrow: Pardon? You must be mistaken, mate. I'll not be giving you 
anything.

Luxord: Then I invoke the right of parle--

(Jack walks right up to him, wagging a finger in his face)

Jack Sparrow: Uhp, no! No parley.

(He presses further, causing Luxord to step back)

Jack Sparrow: Look around. We're a little busy.

(He nearly pins Luxord to the overboard railing and holds up the chest)

Jack Sparrow: And besides, I've already got all that I want, mate.

(He breathes directly in Luxord's face. The stench is unbearable and causes 
Luxord to fall from the ship into the water. Jack cups a hand to his mouth 
and breathes again, slightly coughing himself)

Jack Sparrow: Yup. Still works.

(He walks further down the deck and comes face to face with--Davy Jones. 
Jack reels back in surprise)

Davy Jones: Jack Sparrow... Are you lost? Prisoners don't belong on deck. 
Your station is in the brig!

(Jones swings his arm, or tentacle rather, and Jack starts to run as Sora, 
Donald and Goofy have come aboard the Dutchman)

Sora: We're here!

(They jump down to the deck between Jack and Davy Jones, and summon their 
weapons. Jack turns to see them and laughs, unsheathing his sword)

Jack Sparrow: Tables have turned, mate.

(Lightning flashes)

Davy Jones: Hardly. Just a few more maggots to join my crew!

(They attack the captain of the Dutchman getting in a few successful hits 
before the cursed pirate sinks into his ship)

Davy Jones: Over here!

(He reemerges from the crow's nest above, cackling, as the tentacles of the 
Kraken rise up around the ship, swiping at Sora and the others. One tentacle 
spirals around Donald and squeezes him)

Davy Jones: Hahah! Fish food!

(Sora rushes up the stairs and strikes down the squirming appendage, 
releasing Donald from its grasp. Davy Jones returns to the deck as the 
Kraken retreats, but is knocked back by Jack Sparrow)

Jack Sparrow: Care to surrender?

(Davy Jones growls at him, rushing forward with his sword. Jack jumps 
back, knocking away Jones's blows, until the swords cross at a standstill)

Davy Jones: The chest. Hand it over!

Sora: Jack!

(Sora tries rushing at them)

Davy Jones: Stay out of this, boy!

(A tentacle crashes down to the deck in front of Sora, stopping him in his 
tracks, and a second one emerges from behind, trapping the three inside. The 
two ships are drawn closer in an ever-tightening circle as Jack and Davy 
Jones spar. The fight takes them to the yard atop the mainsail where they 
exchange sword blows. The giant masts of the two ships tilt toward each 
other before slamming together. Jack loses his balance and the chest falls, 
just as Will swings to the deck from the Black Pearl. He bends and picks up 
the chest, running across the deck as a tentacle emerges from the floor. It 
slithers beside him and knocks him over, spilling the chest from his hands 
to the rain-soaked floor. Davy Jones jumps down to the deck, walking towards 
the chest, when Jack drops drown in front of him. They strike each other 
with their swords and Jack moves so the ship's capstan is between them. Jack 
and Jones try to fake the other out in which direction to go around the 
capstan before Jones realizes the game's folly. Jones walks THROUGH the 
capstan, alarming Jack. He leaps from the capstan slashing at Jack, who 
knocks the sword down, before swinging back at Jones with his own. In a 
quick movement, Jones grabs Jack's sword with the large claw that is his 
left hand. Jack tries to push back, but Davy Jones cleaves his sword in two 
and punches Jack hard in the face with the same claw. Jack lands hard on 
the deck as Elizabeth swings in between Jones and the chest)

Davy Jones: Harridan! You'll see no mercy from me.

Elizabeth: That's why I brought this!

(She draws her sword as Will awakens. He looks over, seeing Elizabeth 
knocked away against the stairs, dropping her sword. As Jones moves in for 
the kill, he is run through with a sword by Will)

Jones: Missed. Did you forget? I am a heartless wretch!

(Jones looks back at him before swinging around and kicking him in the face 
with his peg leg. Elizabeth brushes her wet hair out of her eyes as Will 
squirms on the deck of the Dutchman, weaponless. His eyes shift toward 
Elizabeth. Davy Jones looks from Will to Elizabeth)

Davy Jones: Ah. Love. A dreadful bond. And yet, so easily severed.

(Jones lurches across the deck toward Will)

Sora: That's not true!

(Jones looks over to see Sora, Donald and Goofy)

Sora: I may still have a lot to learn about love, but I know what it means 
to share my heart with others. And it will take more than you to break a 
bond like that.

(Sora's words taste bitter in Jones's mouth)

Davy Jones: What does a whelp like you know about the heart?

(Jack arrives)

Jack Sparrow: The whelp has seen far more of the world than you know.

Davy Jones: Ha! What of it?

(Jones raises his sword to Will's neck)

Davy Jones: Tell me, William Turner: do you fear death?

Jack Sparrow: Do you?

(Jones turns, seeing Jack with the chest open, his broken sword aimed at 
Jones's still-beating heart. Above, Vexen watches the scene unfold)

Vexen: How disappointing. So this is all they meant when they said "heart." 
We've been chasing the wrong box this whole time.

(He angrily whisks away)

Jack Sparrow: Heady tonic, holding life and death in the palm of one's hand.

Davy Jones: You're a cruel man, Jack Sparrow.

Jack Sparrow: Cruel is a matter of perspective.

Davy Jones: Is it?

(Without hesitation, Jones stabs Will Turner and cackles. Sora screams, 
leaping at him along with Donald and Goofy as Jack looks at Will, mortally 
wounded. Sora punches Jones in the face as Elizabeth races toward Will)

Elizabeth: Will? Will? Look at me. Look at me!

(Jones knocks Donald and Goofy off of him before grabbing at Sora and doing 
the same)

Davy Jones: You will not forestall my judgment!

(As he moves to strike Sora, he feels a sudden shooting pain and cries out 
in anguish. He blinks, looking back toward Will. Jones's heart has been 
stabbed. By Jack's shortened sword. And Will's hand is on the sword hilt. 
Davy Jones stumbles back, his mortality returning, and he falls over the 
rail, plummeting down into the sea, at one with Calypso at last. Barbossa 
is at the wheel of the Pearl)

Barbossa: She's taking us down! Make quick, or it's the Locker for us all!

(The ships spin. The point of no return. On the Dutchman, Elizabeth weeps 
over Will's body)

Sora: Jack, can't we save him?

Jack Sparrow: Part of the ship, part of the crew. The Dutchman must have a 
captain.

(Jack grabs Elizabeth, pulling her away from Will)

Jack Sparrow: Elizabeth, say good-bye.

Elizabeth: No! I won't leave you!

(She struggles briefly, but the grief is overwhelming. They escape to the 
Black Pearl once the ship wrenches free from the Dutchman and Will and the 
ship vanish into the whirlpool. The maelstrom ends as they regroup with the 
crew aboard the Pearl)

Gibbs: Thank goodness, Jack. The armada's still out there. The Endeavour's 
coming up hard to starboard. And I think it's time we embrace that oldest 
and noblest of pirate traditions.

(His hands mimic the act of running away)

Jack Sparrow: Never actually been one for tradition.

(Mr. Gibbs and Elizabeth watch as Jack moves toward the wheel)

Jack Sparrow: In we go!

(On the Endeavour, Beckett sees the Black Pearl, sails luffing, helpless. 
Below him on the gun deck, the cannon ports open and the cannons emerge)

Beckett: It's nothing personal, Jack. It's just good business.

(The armada reforms behind him and Beckett sails in for the kill. Suddenly, 
the Flying Dutchman breaks the water's surface, up from the depths, sailing 
alongside the Black Pearl. A clean slate gray, no longer encrusted. On the 
deck, William Turner puts his hands on the helm, a dark, avenging anger in 
his eyes, now in control of the Flying Dutchman)

Will: Ready on the guns.

(Elizabeth smiles)

Jack Sparrow: Full canvas!

Barbossa: Aye! Full canvas!

(Will turns the wheel of the Dutchman as Barbossa does the same with the 
Pearl. On the Endeavour, Beckett's smile fades as the Dutchman and the 
Pearl split, sailing to either side of the Endeavour, trapping it between)

Jack Sparrow: Fire!

Gibbs: Fiiire!

Will: Fire!

Barbossa: Fiiiiiire!

Elizabeth: Fire aaall!

(The Dutchman and the Black Pearl open fire and we see the full fury of 
these two ships for the first time. Cannons blast and blast and blast, the 
crew on the Endeavour screaming in the furious broadside. Beckett stares in 
disbelief as his ship is blown to pieces)

Beckett: It's just...good business.

(A mast falls and the deck gives way, the Endeavour sinking into the 
Caribbean. On the Black Pearl, the crew cheers. Donald and Goofy share a 
fist bump)

Donald: We did it!

(Sora looks back at Elizabeth, who is staring out at the Dutchman)

Gibbs: The Flying Dutchman must have a captain. Just wed, and now she and 
Cap'n Turner must live in different worlds.

(Will's gaze is drawn back to Elizabeth)

Gibbs: One day ashore, ten years at sea. It's a steep price.

Sora: Will...

(Gibbs walks up to Elizabeth)

Gibbs: Your chariot awaits, Your Highness.

(She smiles, walking over to the crew gathered on deck. Barbossa addresses 
her)

Barbossa: Mrs. Turner.

(She walks up to Sora, Donald and Goofy)

Donald: Elizabeth...

Goofy: Take care.

(She walks up to Jack Sparrow)

Elizabeth: Jack...

(She smiles)

Elizabeth: Thank you.

(She leaves)

Sora: One day isn't enough time.

Jack Sparrow: There's always enough time for hearts to say what's true. 
Sora, you know better than anyone. It only takes a moment to connect with 
your mates... With your hearties.

Sora: There's always enough time. And I'm going to find them.

(Behind them, the Leviathan's magic wears off and it bursts into thousands 
of white crabs that sink into the ocean. Meanwhile, Axel sits alone in the 
Secret Forest in his usual black coat)

Kairi: Hey, Axel!

(He turns to see Kairi in her new outfit)

Axel: Hey. Liking the look.

(She giggles, showing it off)

Axel: Cut your hair, too.

Kairi: Mm-hmm. So, you gonna try yours on?

Axel: Uhh...I dunno. Maybe later.

Kairi: But you always wear the same thing.

Axel: If it ain't broke, don't fix it. This is how you pick me out of a 
crowd. I make myself easy to remember.

Kairi: How thoughtful.

Axel: Nah, not really...

(He scratches his head and she giggles, sitting down next to him)

Kairi: Our training's almost finished.

Axel: Yeah...

Kairi: Somewhere inside me is Namin. If we can free Roxas, we can free her 
too.

Axel: I guess so.

Kairi: Namin was made when Sora freed me from his heart. So, now that she's 
a part of me again, I figured all was right. But she can't look at this 
forest, feel the wind on her face, none of it. And if she could, it would be 
different for her. Her time was short, but she lived it, and that makes it 
hers. What right did I have to take those feelings and experiences back? 
They don't belong to me. Nothing's as it should be. Not for her OR Roxas.

(Axel takes in her words, agreeing)

Axel: I know.

(He pauses)

Axel: Way back when I was a kid, I met this other weird kid. Somehow we 
became fast friends. Never saw him again--nearly forgot about him, too. 
Then, I met Roxas. Couldn't believe it. The two of 'em were identical. Oh, 
I didn't tell Roxas. Didn't want HIM to go vanishing on me, too.

(He leans back on his hands)

Axel: The kid's name was Ventus. He's one of the lost Keyblade wielders 
we're looking for. Think he's still got ME memorized?

Kairi: Oh yeah. Very memorized.

(She points to her head and he laughs softly)

Axel: Now that we're going back, I'm worried about everything.

Kairi: Well, you don't have to worry alone anymore, Axel.

(He smiles at her. In the Dark World, Mickey and Riku are fighting the Demon 
Tower once again with their repaired Keyblades. The tower strikes at Riku 
twice, but he dodges before it slams into the ground, forcing him to jump 
away. The Shadows scramble across the sand as Riku catches his breath. From 
behind him, the energy rebuilds)

Mickey: Riku, look!

(The Demon Tower wriggles in the air, bending over and twisting into Riku, 
knocking the Keyblade from his arms. It dissipates when it hits the sand)

Mickey (gasping): Riku!

(The swarm of Heartless knocks Mickey off his feet and he also drops his 
Keyblade, consumed by the swarm. Riku lifts himself up)

Riku: Mickey!

(In the Woods of Twilight Town, just outside the Old Mansion, a corridor of 
darkness appears and Ansem, Seeker of Darkness strolls out of it, followed 
by Ansem the Wise. From behind a tree, Hayner, Pence and Olette watch)

Pence (more excited than impatient): It's about time!

(Hayner covers Pence's mouth)

Hayner: Heeey, shut it! C'mon.

(He moves ahead as the two skulk behind him. As both Ansems walk into the 
courtyard, the trio peek out from behind the gate. Ansem the Wise stops 
just before the entrance door, forcing Ansem to turn around)

Ansem: What now?

(Ansem the Wise looks up to the curtained window)

Ansem the Wise: Please. I have created enough victims.

Ansem: Yes, you have. All the children sacrificed in the name of your 
research... So make things right.

Ansem the Wise: I told you I did not take her. Her disappearance was why I 
put a stop to the research.

Ansem: And that makes you honorable? You used Roxas and Namin and threw 
them away. I doubt there's a merciful bone in your body. You took the girl, 
and hid her. Now, show me the data you are hiding here.

Ansem the Wise: Roxas and Namin... If there is any reason that I still 
draw breath, it is to atone for what I did to them.

(Olette and Pence gasp)

Pence: He said "Roxas."

Hayner: Yeah.

Olette: That man needs us.

Hayner: Right.

Pence: Yeah.

Ansem the Wise: If you do find the girl, what is it that you expect will 
happen?
Ansem: The child's memory holds a mystery to unravel--one concerning the 
battle we seek between light and darkness. You know something and that...
is why you stopped the experiments.

Ansem the Wise: You are completely deluded, Xehanort.

Ansem: We shall soon see.

(He grabs Ansem the Wise's shoulder and pushes him toward the door before 
Pence pops in)

Pence: Yoo-hoo!

(Ansem stops)

Pence: 'Scuse meee!

(Ansem whirls around at this interruption)

Ansem: Who are you?

Pence: Oh, well, I'm looking for a friend who used to live here.

(His distraction enables Olette to run inside the courtyard)

Ansem: No one lives here. Begone.

Pence (stalling): But sir...

(He starts to approach them)

Ansem: No, no, no! Not one more step. Get out!

(As he walks toward Pence, Olette rushes and grabs Ansem the Wise)

Olette (whispering): This way!

(Ansem spins around, seeing Ansem the Wise escaping as Hayner runs in, 
attempting to jump kick him from behind)

Hayner: Hey, loser!

(The Dark Figure emerges from behind Ansem and catches Hayner in its grip)

Hayner: ...or not!

Pence: Hayner!

(The Dark Figure tosses Hayner at the brick wall of the courtyard but a 
strange white blob curls around him and cushions the blow. He bounces to 
the ground safely. More white blobs fly through the air from behind corners, 
like wispy trails. They surround Ansem and the Dark Figure, revealing 
themselves as Dusk Nobodies)

Pence: The squiggly things?

(It uncurls from Hayner as he sits up in disbelief)

Hayner: They...protected me.

(Pence grabs Hayner's arm)

Pence: Hayner! Get a move on!

Hayner: Oh... Okay.

(Pence helps Hayner up and the two run back to the Woods. Ansem focuses his 
attention on the Dusks)

Ansem: I serve the Organization. This is treason.

(He sneers)

Ansem: I see what is happening. Have it your way then.

(Olette and Ansem the Wise escape to the Underground and Hayner and Pence 
catch up)

Olette: Are you guys okay?

(They catch their breath)

Hayner: Yeah, I think.

Pence: Nobody knows the twists and turns of Twilight Town better than us.

Ansem the Wise: You are Roxas's friends.

Hayner: That's right. So you know him, too?

Ansem the Wise: Oh yes. Quite well.

Pence: Pay dirt. Guess it was worth staking out the old mansion after all, 
because this guy here is what I call a lead.

(He reaches into his pocket and takes out the photo of them together with 
Roxas)

Olette: That's the only proof we have that Roxas was our friend.

Hayner: Tell us about him. We wanna know him better.

?????: My dear master. You are safe.

(A cloaked man enters behind them)

Hayner: Who's there?

(They whirl around, seeing the scientist with blond hair)

Ansem the Wise: Even, is that you? So...those Nobodies were your doing.

(The wispy blobs float in behind Vexen and become Dusks again. Their 
appearance unsettles the trio. However, Vexen bows his head)

Vexen: I have been waiting for this. Gave up a normal life in order to plant 
myself in the Organization. And when I heard Xehanort had gone looking for 
you, I realized it was my chance to find you as well. For you see, I, too, 
wish to atone.

(Sora, Donald and Goofy leave the Caribbean and travel to a world of science 
and skyscrapers)

Sora: Oh, wow!

(He laughs, amazed by the bright orange suspension bridge he arrives on)

Sora: Cool!

Donald: C'mon, let's go!

Sora: Aww, but I wanna take a look at the big city!

Goofy: Yeah, it does seem pretty exciting.

(He can hardly tear his eyes away from the skyline)

Sora: I feel so metropolitan! Uh, cosmopolitan?

Donald: Not-apolitan!

(Goofy giggles)

Sora: Ooh!

(Sora takes out his Gummiphone)

Donald: Now what?

Sora: I gotta tell Riku what a blast this place is.

(He fiddles with the phone to Donald's annoyance)

Goofy: But we just got here. We haven't even done anything yet.

Donald: Blast? I'll show you a blast!

(An explosion rocks the bridge and they look down the road to see a cloud of 
smoke and a group of purple flying creatures)

Goofy: The Heartless!

(They summon their weapons)

Sora: C'mon!

(The rush forward just as a figure in a yellow suit flies over them. They 
turn back to see them slide against the pavement, a set of discs falling off 
their suit)

????: Go Go! You okay?

(The trio look up to see something large and red flying in over them)

Sora: What in...

(It lands with its rocket boots pointed toward the ground as the smaller 
purple-suited passenger jumps off its back, rushing to the yellow figure)

????: Go Go.

(The boy looks over the fallen girl, then up to the robot in the red suit)

????: Baymax!

(The robot scans the girl)

Baymax: Go Go's suit has shielded her from a major injury, but the blow she 
sustained to her head has caused a mild concussion. We should take caution 
and not move her until we can fully stabilize her head.

????: Got it.

Sora: Oh, cool! That's a robot!

(The trio runs up to them. Baymax and the boy turn around and the robot 
holds up a welcoming hand)

Baymax: Hello. I am Baymax, your personal healthcare companion.

(Sora reacts in amazement)

Sora: Wow, cool! This rules!

Goofy: Uh, Sora. Remember our other problem?

Donald: The Heartless.

Sora: Whoops! Oh yeah!

????: Hey! Who are you?

Sora: Oh. (turning) I'm Sora.

Donald: Donald.

Goofy: And I'm Goofy.

(Goofy waves and the boy smiles, running up to them)

????: Name's Hiro. You...mind helping us fight those things? Our team's 
called Big Hero 6.

(Sora smiles)

Sora: Sure!

(The group run across the Golden Gate Bridge)

Hiro: Let's go, Baymax!

(Baymax shoots forward with his rocket boots, his wings engaged. The group 
tussles with the Heartless in the light of the setting sun. Traffic has 
stopped on the bridge due to the commotion as Pole Cannon Heartless appear, 
scattered between the cars. Sora slides to avoid their rocket fire and 
hides behind a red car)

Goofy: Sora! Go from car to car!

Donald: Look above you!

(Sora slides between cars, sniping the Pole Cannons. A great stomping quakes 
through the bridge as a giant Metal Troll Heartless makes its way toward 
them, knocking away cars in its path)

Donald: Look!

(A yellow car becomes a missile swung by the Metal Troll's mighty axe, 
flying right at Sora and Donald. Donald screams and the two run as it 
crashes to the road, throwing up sparks against the pavement. The troll 
stomps closer, knocking the car away again)

Sora: It tried to crush us!

(It hones in on Sora, roaring at him)

Baymax: You may reduce the risk of injury, by seeking cover.

(Together, they defeat the Metal Troll and regroup in Hiro's Garage. The 
Sokyo News releases an article about the attack that Hiro pulls up on his 
computer:

"MYSTERIOUS MONSTERS ATTACK!

Crisis struck San Fransokyo today when a 
horde of unidentified creatures attacked 
the populace without warning.
Local superteam Big Hero 6 was nearly 
deep-sixed when they came to the rescue, 
raising questions about just how prepared 
they are to protect the city.
Will another group of crimefighters rise up 
in our hour of need? Or is there no force 
capable of containing this new threat?
In the opinion of this humble reporter, the 
city's days are numbered, so grab your 
wallets, keys, kids, and pets, and get your 
kiesters to the airport before it's too late.")

Go Go: Not cool.

Honey Lemon: People like spectacle, not truth.

Wasabi: Yeah, who needs quality reporting when you can just make stuff up?

(Hiro closes the article)

Fred: I don't get it. I mean, didn't they see how awesome we were?! Sure, 
those things landed a couple of good hits, but we had chem-balls, and laser 
hands, and fire-breathing!

Honey Lemon: Well, it really didn't matter. They beat us.

Go Go: Where'd they come from?

Wasabi: Well... Why don't we ask the guys...who actually stopped 'em?

(Sora, Donald and Goofy chuckle)

Honey Lemon: Hiro, you never introduced us.

Hiro: Oh, right.

(He stands up from his chair)

Hiro: Well, uh, this is...the gang!

(Outside of the red flying suit, Baymax resembles a rotund and squishy 
marshmallow. Hiro motions to the girl in the yellow suit with purple streaks 
in her hair)

Hiro: That's Go Go.

(She regards them coolly. Hiro points to a tall guy with dreadlocks in a 
green suit)

Hiro: He's Wasabi.

Wasabi: How ya doin'?

Hiro: And that's Honey Lemon.

(He looks up to a tall girl with long hair in a hot pink suit. Draped 
around her shoulder is an orange purse)

Honey Lemon: Hello there.

(A three-eyed monster with an angry expression walks up to Sora)

Sora: Wha--?!

Fred: I'm Fred. Don't be alarmed.

(He jumps back and pulls down the hood of the costume, revealing a boy 
wearing a beanie)

Fred: This is not my real body.

Sora: Good. For a second, I thought this was the monster w--

(Donald and Goofy rush to cover Sora's mouth. He shuts up and Hiro turns 
to his gang)

Hiro: Those three are Sora, Donald, and Goofy, the, uh...

(Sora looks on Hiro's computer, seeing a poster of Big Hero 6)

Sora: Keyblade Hero 3!

(They strike a pose and a light shines behind them. The group doesn't react 
outwardly)

Baymax: I am detecting minute contractions in your faces and shoulders, 
perhaps due to the garage's brisk temperature.

(He raises a finger)

Baymax: To remedy that, I will give each of you a hug and warm you with my 
internal heat source.

(Baymax glows orange)

Donald: Hey, why did you say THAT?!

Goofy: Sora, you know Donald and I don't have Keyblades.

Sora: So? Are we heroes, or aren't we?

Donald: Not here, we're not.

Go Go: The monsters. Tell us how you managed to take them down.

(Sora nods)

Sora: They're called the Heartless, and they're drawn to the darkness 
inside people's hearts.

Fred: Ooh, now we're talking! Light versus darkness. Classic conflict!

Wasabi: Would you calm down, Fred? This is serious.

Honey Lemon: Very serious. We don't have any way to fight them.

Go Go: Wait. So we're just gonna give up?

Baymax: With our current skillset, my analysis places our chances at 0.0000--

Hiro: Yup, we get it, Baymax.

(They give a collective sigh)

Sora: Hey, don't sweat it. The three of us will go take care of the 
Heartless for you. Right, Donald, Goofy?

(Donald and Goofy nod. Hiro watches as they start to leave)

Hiro: Wait. We're going too.

Donald: It's okay. We've got it.

(Hiro shakes his head)

Hiro: We have to help. My brother would have.

(He smiles and his friends agree, followed by Sora)

Wasabi: Great, buuut...don't we need a plan?

Fred: We train up! When heroes are brought low, they get new powers.

(He flips his hood back on and strikes a Wushu salute)

Fred: It's shugyo time!

Go Go: Did you read that in Geek's Quarterly?

Hiro: Fred's actually not wrong. I may have an idea.

(Hiro hands Sora a futuristic-looking headset called an AR device)

Sora: "AR device"?

Hiro: Yeah. Cool, huh? It creates a CG overlay that augments your vision. 
While you wear it, this device sees everything you do and logs it.

Sora: Uh, huh...

Hiro: You put it on your face.

(Sora puts on the headset and Hiro steps aside to reveal a Shadow Heartless)

Sora (freaking out): Heartless! Donald!! Goofy!!!

(He summons his Keyblade)

Donald: Are you okay?

Goofy: There's no Heartless here.

Sora: Huh? But...uh...

(Hiro steps back in)

Hiro: Whoa! Chill. Sora. Just take the AR device off.

(Sora switches it off. Then back on again. Off. On)

Sora: Wow, I have no idea how you're doing it, but this is cool!

Hiro: Thanks. But so far the map data only covers San Fransokyo. I need to 
expand it.

Fred (impatiently): Now can we shugyo?

Wasabi: Not yet, Fred. He's still learning.

Honey Lemon: Sora, all you need to do is run through some courses that Hiro 
scripted. Like a minigame.

Go Go: We'll put a tracer on your movements so we can--

(Fred starts jumping around, chanting)

Fred: Shugyo, shugyo, shugyo!

Go Go (sighing): So we can shugyo.

Goofy: I guess shugyo's like training. That's a good idea. We could prob'ly 
use the practice.

Donald: Speak for yourself.

(Baymax lifts a finger)

Baymax: I can shugyo by installing new combat data.

(Sora, Donald and Goofy scratch their heads)

Sora: Huh?

Hiro: Hey. Let's just try it out.

(They head to the city. Sora rides on Baymax as he flies past a fish-shaped 
windsock overlooking the city, a trail of smoke spewing behind him. A high-
pitched squeal and they shoot forward with his rocket boots, curving through 
the skyscrapers. Sora releases shouts of fear and delight as the red robot 
turns a quick right, then a left into the North District railroad tunnel. 
Flying back upward, then ducking beneath the red lanterns hanging from a 
giant archway, they pass an oversized statue of a sushi-cook which waves its 
mechanical arms. They meet up with Fred, Wasabi, Go Go, and Honey Lemon on 
the roof of a building. Baymax lands in a superhero pose, dropping off Sora, 
then taking off back into the sky. Sora hears Hiro's voice through his 
headset)

Hiro: Okay, guys. Go through the rings and head for the goal.

(A tunnel of colored rings appear in Sora's vision through the AR device)

Sora & Company: Okay!

Hiro: I'll be here to help you out remotely.

(Fred, Wasabi, Go Go, and Honey Lemon jump from the roof following their 
own path of virtual rings. Baymax flies overhead)

Hiro: Start with the rings right in front of you. Head toward the indicator 
on your AR device. Try and stay on course. If you start to veer off, you'll 
know. I put up a virtual boundary.

(Sora rushes ahead collecting the colored rings on the building in front of 
him before dropping to the street below. He hops aboard a railing as Go Go 
rolls by him on her wheeled boots)

Go Go: Ya gotta keep up, Sora!

(More rings appear along the path as Go Go splits off to the right)

Hiro: Jump side to side and go through the rings. You got this!

(Sora jumps from rail to rail, making his way to a building with a high-
powered fan. He shoots into the air collecting a string of rings as Fred 
jumps in the air beside him, Wasabi clutching the suit's tail)

Fred: This is awesome!

(Wasabi's whimpering in fear implies that it isn't awesome for everybody)

Wasabi: Come on... Can't we do this on the ground?

(Fred cackles and Sora lands on a gigantic red ball with the face of a 
Daruma. His balance starts to shift as the ball rolls forward off the 
building)

Sora: Whoa!

(It lands on the road beneath and Sora begins rolling along down the street)

Hiro: Okay, I didn't program this. But, you can handle it. Just improvise.

(Sora collects rings with the ball and hops off at the base of a skyscraper)

Hiro: Climb up the side of that building. And watch out for enemy fire.

(As Sora runs up the skyscraper, Honey Lemon creates colorful platforms 
by tossing chem-balls from her purse to ascend beside him)

Honey Lemon: Don't you just LOVE chemistry?

(Sora reaches the roof of the skyscraper where the rings extend out from 
the building)

Hiro: Sora, time to fly. Go full superhero!

(Sora airsteps off the building, flying through the rings to the windsocks 
hanging in the air as Baymax flies ahead. Sora catches up to Baymax)

Baymax: You are near the goal.

(Proceeding further, Sora reaches for a virtual star high above a building 
and Baymax catches him on the way down. Later, Sora runs down the street 
as Go Go races alongside him. He summons his Keyblade and airsteps to a 
post ahead, surprising her. He jumps from the post to a building and begins 
running up the side, magical blue dust eminating from him. She stops, 
watching him run)

Go Go: Interesting. Gravity--not binding.

(A virtual Tireblade Heartless in flight mode swoops down at Sora and his 
AR Device locks onto it. Jumping ahead, he drives the Keyblade through it, 
releasing the heart from within. More appear as he reaches the top of the 
building, where Wasabi is. Sora changes the form of his Keyblade into 
Double Arrowguns and shoots down the Heartless with ethereal arrows)

Wasabi: Hey, wait. My laser hands...

(He looks down at his energy-covered gauntlets)

Wasabi: ...can be projectiles!

(Honey Lemon hides near a group of virtual Pole Cannon Heartless, thinking 
up a strategy to defeat them, while Sora reaches the edge of the building 
and changes his Keyblade to the Magic Launcher, striking the enemies with 
a charged cannon)

Honey Lemon: Ooh! Change the weapon, change the attack.

(Sora runs ahead into a group of Tireblade Heartless. He jumps to the 
right ascending the building as the Heartless engage their flight mode and 
follow him. Sora aims his Keyblade and releases a Blizzara spell, 
shattering the Tireblades, as Fred watches from below)

Fred: Whoa. A freeze attack!

(He looks down at his claws)

Fred: Fire...and ice. Diametrically opposed...or SO WE THOUGHT!

(He takes off excitedly and Sora hops down)

Hiro: Thanks, Sora. That should be enough data. And I think you sparked 
some new ideas.

Go Go: Yeah! Hiro, I think there's a way to--

(They all start talking at once in Sora's ear. He winces at first, but smiles)

Fred: Hey, are you listening?

(Back in Hiro's Garage, Hiro is enthusiastically typing at his computer, 
creating updates for his pals' gear. Goofy and Honey Lemon create new 
elemental combinations for her chem-balls. Wasabi praises Hiro on his 
new gauntlets and Donald imagines having one of his own. Fred gives 
Hiro difficult specifications for his suit, but Sora comes up with an 
easier solution. The data from Sora is updated for Baymax to use and 
Hiro ejects the data chip from the drive. He walks up to Baymax and 
presses the port on the robot's chest. It opens, displaying Baymax's 
chip slots. Hiro inserts the updated battle chip into Baymax and the 
port closes)

Hiro: That...should do it.

(The video on Hiro's computer suddenly broadcasts a news update)

Action 7 News: We interrupt your scheduled program to deliver this 
breaking news. Moments ago, the city's South District was attacked by 
numerous unidentified creatures.

(They rush to the screen, seeing Heartless marching through the city)

Action 7 News: Witnesses describe losing sight of victims during the 
mayhem. Many also said they saw strange, floating heart symbols in the 
vicinity of the missing victims. City police are urging citizens to stay at 
home. For those just joining us, only minutes ago the South District was 
attacked by--

(Hiro closes the broadcast and turns to Sora, who nods)

Sora & Hiro: Go time.

(The rest of the group agree. They make it to the South District, where 
people are fleeing the chaos. Sora turns down an alley, finding a large 
group of various Heartless as Baymax catches up)

Donald: Heartless!

Hiro: Sora, above you!

(Sora looks up and his AR Device searches for a target. A large shape is 
moving on the roof of a building)

Hiro: I'm picking up some kind of threat.

Sora: Okay, I'll check it out.

Hiro: Run up the buildings if you have to. Watch out for those enemies on 
the building.

(They fight the Heartless from the ground to the roof, where they're 
surrounded by Mechanitaur Heartless. They take the group out and Sora 
dispels his Keyblade)

Sora: Piece of cake.

Hiro: Wait, Sora! Something big's coming your way.

(There is a large crash in the middle of the city as a titanic Catastro-
chorus Heartless stomps through. It eyes a green car on the road and chases 
after it, terrorizing the driver. It jumps onto an overpass, sending 
citizens screaming for their lives. Baymax flies over carrying Sora, Donald 
and Goofy as the giant dinosaur-like Heartless bellows loudly. They spot 
it from above)

Sora: Gotcha! I'll take care of it.

(Baymax's rocket boots engage and he swoops down with a superhero landing, 
knocking Donald off and Goofy off-balance. Sora jumps down from Baymax's 
back as the Catastrochorus stomps toward them. Sora summons the Keyblade 
as it gives off another roar)

Hiro: That thing's massive! Stop it, or it's gonna wreck the city!

(The dangerous dino sends huge fireballs from the volcano on its back as 
it stops across the pavement. Sora gets in a few good hits before it 
leaps to the top of a skyscraper, its roar sending shockwaves around 
the city)

Hiro: The target's moved up onto one of the buildings. You gotta go after 
it. I marked the target so you don't lose track of it.

(They take care of the smaller Heartless that pop up to bar their way to 
the building. After ascending to the roof, the dino tail has formed into 
a small cloud with eyes, sending bolts of lightning to strike at them. 
Sora evades the lightning and pummels the Catastrochorus until it falls. 
Sora returns to ground level, scanning for more threats as Go Go is being 
chased by a small group of Heartless)

Go Go: Just try and catch me.

(She speeds ahead, charging her magnetic disks from the friction against 
the ground. She leaps into the air as she reaches a building, engaging the 
electromagnetic suspension to defy gravity. Spinning around, she stops 
midair on a high story window, facing the ground below and the Heartless 
persuing her. Smirking, she tosses a disk, which slices through the 
Heartless near the ground before flying back to her arm, and drops back 
down off the building. A few blocks down, Wasabi stands on a rooftop 
shooting his plasma lasers at a group of flying Tireblades. They dodge most 
of his attacks, starting to wear him out, but Honey Lemon runs in from 
behind)

Honey Lemon (excitedly): I've got an idea!

(She tosses a purple chem-ball at the Heartless which bursts into a purple 
cloud of smoke)

Wasabi: Hey!

(She starts typing in a new combination into her purse)

Wasabi: I can't aim if I can't see!

(Out from her purse comes a red chem-ball and she smiles, tossing it 
into the cloud. It turns into a solid block of purple hexagons, trapping 
the Heartless inside, and falls to the ground)

Honey Lemon: Better?

Wasabi: Much better.

(She smiles at him and he aims his gauntlets to the ground, destroying 
the block with the Heartless inside. As it bursts into a puff of smoke, 
Fred leaps through into another group of Heartless)

Fred: Freeze!

(Fred blows a torrent of icy wind from the mouth of his monster suit, 
freezing the Heartless in place. Then, switching to fire, becomes a human 
flamethrower, unfreezing them)

Fred: Whuh? Oh, I get it...

(He jumps into the air, now spewing out fire and ice together, eliminating 
the Heartless flying above him)

Fred: It's a combo move!

(Up in the sky, Baymax flies in, engaging the rocket boosters on his 
armored fist. It shoots away from him and flies through the Heartless 
fighting Sora, Donald and Goofy. One Tireblad avoids the attack and flies 
in front of Sora, who grits his teeth and takes it down in one strike. The 
fist returns to Baymax's arm and he lands near them)

Sora: Nice, Baymax!

(Baymax raises a fist)

Sora: What?

Baymax: Now, we fist bump.

Sora: Fist bump?

Baymax: To display excitement. Hiro taught it to me.

Sora: So, like...this?

(Sora taps his fist against Baymax's, while Donald does the same with Goofy's)

Baymax: Bah-la-la-la-la-la-la.

(Baymax flutters his fingers upward in the air)

Sora: Bah-la-la-la-la-la-la?

(Sora, Donald, and Goofy do the same with confused looks. Suddenly, a Metal 
Troll drops from the building behind them. The three summons their weapons)

Goofy: Get ready!

(They rush forward)

Sora: Another one?!

Honey Lemon: We're here!

(They turn to see Hiro, Fred, Wasabi, and Honey Lemon ready to fight)

Wasabi: Ugh! Can't we pick on one our own size?

(Go Go rolls in)

Go Go: It looks the right size to me.

Fred: Watch me scorch 'em with my freeze-nado! The only tornado made of 
ice AND fire.

Donald: You took on the wrong court magician.

Goofy: And the wrong captain of the guard.

Sora: Prepare to face Keyblade Hero 3!

Donald: Oh, come on...

Hiro: And the crime fighting team of Big Hero 6! Together, we're unstoppable.

Everyone: Yeah!

(They run forward and clash with the Metal Troll. Later, the group relaxes 
atop the Golden Gate Bridge, treating themselves to chocolate ice cream 
bars. Fred jumps around Donald, excited)

Fred: Was that awesome...or was that TOTALLY AWESOME?! Haha! Jumping!

Donald: Yeah, I was pretty good.

Honey Lemon: Your magic is amazing. Do you think I could study it sometime?

Donald: Why not?

Goofy: You just made Donald's day.

(Honey Lemon giggles. They sit and watch the sunset)

Hiro: My brother wanted to help people. Now, we try to do the same.

Sora: Your brother?

Hiro (looking down): Yeah, Tadashi. There was a fire, and now he's gone.

(Go Go shares Hiro's grief)

Hiro: But he always wanted to make a difference. He cared about people. 
That's why he worked so hard to create Baymax.

Sora: I'm sorry.

(Hiro and Sora take bites of their ice cream)

Hiro: He's still here. In Baymax. In all of us.

Sora: Tadashi--he lives on in your hearts.

Hiro: Yeah. Right. He will always be a part of us in some way.

(Sora leans back)

Sora: And when you're not strong enough, he'll make up the difference.

(Morning bells ring and Sora becomes Roxas as Hayner, Pence and Olette eat 
sea-salt ice cream beside him, if only for a moment)

Hiro: Sora. You okay?

Sora: Yeah. Fine.

(Hiro takes another bite as Sora looks down at his hand, coming to his 
senses, and places it over his heart)

Sora: I'm with you.

(Later at night, the friends walk through the city together. Fred stretches 
after a long day while Hiro and Sora chat. They hear an odd sound woosh 
behind them and whirl around)

Sora: What?!

Goofy: What's that?

(They see a jellyfish-shaped cluster of blocks floating through the air)

Go Go: Great, they're back.

Wasabi: Oh, we got this.

Honey Lemon: Time for a lesson.

(Fred closes his hood and jumps ahead)

Fred: Cheee-aaarge!

(Fred, Wasabi, Honey Lemon and Go Go charge ahead after the strange entity. 
Hiro engages his headset and analyzes the threat)

Hiro: Wait! Uh, guys! That one's not like the others!

(They fail to hear him)

Hiro: It can't be. Microbots?

Sora: Microbots? You know what they are?

Goofy: Well, they're different from Heartless.

Donald: Uh-huh.

Hiro: Microbots are designed to do whatever you think via a neural 
transmitter...that communicates what you're...

(He trails off upon seeing their ever-more confused faces)

Hiro: They're kind of a mini-bot I invented. Some bad stuff happened and 
I thought that meant they were totally gone. But those enemies are way 
too similar. Which means someone's controlling them. The question is who.

(He gasps)

Hiro: Could it be?

(He puts on a determined face)

Hiro: I'm gonna go back to the garage and look into it some more. You mind 
going after 'em?

Sora: Sure!

Donald: You bet!

Goofy: Of course!

Sora: We need you on the sciency stuff.

(Sora puts on his visor and Hiro smiles)

Hiro: Baymax... Stick with 'em.

Baymax: All right, Hiro.

(The trio start walking in the direction of the block monster)

Baymax: Sora, Donald, Goofy, I will be your personal healthcare companion.

(Sora smiles)

Sora: Thanks, Baymax. We're in good hands. C'mon, let's move!

(They search the city for the enemy while Hiro races home)

Hiro: Sora, I just marked the target's position. Look for the indicator.

(Sora leads them to the North District. The blocks fly behind them, causing 
Baymax to turn around)

Baymax: Target acquired.

(He points upward and the strange entity floats above a building, wiggling 
its blocky appendages)

Hiro: They're not microbots... Be careful!

(The body folds its arms into a heart shape. It floats down at them, 
partially glowing red, and shoots red blocks in their direction. They 
evade the attacks, but are unable to make headway against its shifting form)

Sora: It's no fair! Why can't we hurt it?

Donald: Magic is no good.

Goofy: What do we do?

(It spirals aside and changes direction, flying elsewhere in the city, 
faster than they can run after it)

Sora: This is weird.

Hiro: Sora, you guys all right?

Sora: Oh... Yeah, but the target escaped. Have you got any leads?

Hiro: Tons. Somewhere inside that thing, there is a core. It's what powers 
the whole cluster. The core is the only way to hurt it.

(Sora sees the analysis readout in his headset)

Wasabi: Now he tells us.

(Wasabi lets out a scream)

Hiro: Wasabi! What happened?

Wasabi: Let's just say it's a handful.

Hiro: Team, check in.

Honey Lemon: So far, so good.

Go Go: Guys, I'm really tired of just dodging this thing.

Fred: Freddit getting frustrated!

Hiro: Guys, I'm on my way.

(Honey Lemon shoots a chem-ball, creating a pink blobby platform against 
the side of a building as the cubes persue her. It attacks, and she jumps 
to another platform)

Honey Lemon: No, Hiro!

(She continues running as the shifting bots attempt to strike Fred, but he 
counters by freezing its appendages)

Fred: Hiro, you analyze the Darkubes. 

Wasabi: Wait, did you just say "Darkubes"?

Fred: Yeah. They're dark, they're cubes. I call 'em like I see 'em. Every 
bad baddie needs a cool name.

(The blocky arms begin to free themselves)

Go Go: Yeah, that's not cool.

(Honey Lemon pops out a yellow chem-ball from her purse as the Darkubes 
slam into the building opposite her)

Honey Lemon: We'll gather as much data from the Darkubes as we can.

(She tosses the yellow chem-ball against the pink platform she stands on 
and it bursts into a blue cloud of smoke, just in time for the Darkubes to 
strike. Wasabi shoots his plasma lasers at the Darkubes long arms, bursting 
loose blocks from the main body. The arms swipe at him, but he dodges)

Wasabi: Hiro, figure out a way for us to beat this thing!

(He looks up and jumps just in time to dodge another strike. Go Go blades 
down the city, jumping over the railway as the Darkubes fly after her)

Hiro: But guys, I can't leave you out there all alone.

Go Go: Hiro. We are a team. And teams delegate. We need you at the garage. 
We trust you, so you trust us.

(He nods)

Hiro: Fine. I'll look for a way that we can expose the Darkubes' core. Just 
keep that data coming.

Everyone: Copy.

Sora: Hiro, what should WE do?

(Hiro busily types away at his computer)

Hiro: You protect the others.

(A map appears on the screen with the locations of the four heroes)

Hiro: I'll mark their position for you on your AR display.

Sora, Donald & Goofy: We got it!

(They summon their weapons)

Sora: Time to go, Baymax!

Baymax: All right.

(They start racing through the city to the nearest hero)

Hiro: Sora, the Darkubes are gonna be tricky to bust open. You'll have to 
assess everyone's situation and--

Sora: Improvise! I know.

Hiro: Cool. Good luck!

(In the Central District they reach Honey Lemon's indicator, but don't see 
her)

Sora: Honey Lemon!

Honey Lemon: Hey, Sora? I think I'm stuck. See if you can find the residue 
from my chem-balls. If you hit it with fire or electricity, it might trigger 
a chain reaction!

(The Darkubes holding Honey Lemon are gathered in the center, with each arm 
held down by different colored blobs. Sora strikes an orange one with a 
Fira spell and the Darkubes' arm falls off. He repeats this with different 
spells on each blob until the arms pulse with an orange glow along its 
arms and Honey Lemon busts free)

Honey Lemon: Gracias, Sora! Next time I won't go so easy on them.

(She hops away)

Hiro: Honey Lemon! I'm glad you're safe.

(They approach Wasabi's indicator at the top of a blue-ringed skyscraper 
where he finds a large orb of Darkubes)

Sora: Wasabi! Can you hear me?

Wasabi: Sora! Am I glad to see you! I am not a big fan of heights. Hey, you 
think it dragged me up here 'cause it's scared of being attacked from 
above? See if you can get the drop on it.

(Sora leaps over a high-powered fan, which sends him soaring over the 
Darkubes. On his descent, he readies his Keyblade with a laugh, slamming 
it into the Darkubes. An orange pulse radiates through the blocks until 
Wasabi busts out, landing on the rooftop)

Wasabi: Finally! Thanks for the save, Sora. I'll see if anyone else needs 
help.

(He jumps to the edge of the building and, swallowing his fear, leaps off)

Hiro: Wasabi, good to see you're all right.

(Sora descends the building, seeing a large rolling ball made of Darkubes 
which matches Go Go's indicator)

Sora: Go Go! Are you in there?

Go Go: Sora! I don't know how to stop this thing. I tried slowing it down 
with my discs.

Goofy: You see anything big you can smash against it?

Donald: Hey... What about that big red thing from the shugyo?

(They pass the giant red ball from earlier and Sora leaps aboard)

Go Go: Sora! C'mon, hurry!

(Sora rides the ball through the North District to cut off the rolling 
Darkube in its path. He crashes it directly into the Darkubes, which 
crackle with electricity, before falling to pieces. Go Go bursts out and 
lands on the pavement)

Go Go: Thanks. I owe ya.

(She rolls away as Sora continues his search)

Hiro: Doesn't look like you're hurt, Go Go.

(They reach Fred's indicator, where he is trapped in a bunch of Darkubes 
suspended between four light posts)

Sora: Fred! You okay?

Fred: I'm getting pulled in too many directions! Do you think you can 
free my arms and legs? Gotta find a weak point and loosen the Darkubes' grip!

(Spinning horizontally on each light pole, the Darkubes' arms fall away 
and the central mass starts to give)

Fred: Yeah!

(The blocks explode in all directions as Fred leaps out of it)

Fred: Super juuump!

(He lands, making sure his hood stays on)

Fred: Pure appreciation, my man.

(He turns)

Fred: My citizens! They need me!

(He hops away)

Hiro: Glad you're okay, Fred. Listen, Sora! The Darkubes have converged 
on a single location.

(The Darkubes gather on the top of the tallest building in San Fransokyo)

Hiro: Whatever's happening can't be good. I'm almost done pinpointing the 
core. If you need me to help--

Sora: Nah, it's okay, Hiro. We're on it.

Hiro: Thanks.

Donald: Get a move on!

(The Darkubes resemble fireflies as they float in the air of the South 
District as Sora and company reach the top of the skyscraper. They amass 
into the largest orb of blocks so far, its outer layer rippling as they 
arrive)

Go Go: Okay, there's a lot of them.

Goofy: What do ya suppose they'll do?

Wasabi: I don't think we wanna find out.

(Fred hops closer)

Fred: I say we destroy this thing!

Donald: Yeah!

Honey Lemon: But without a strategy, we'd just be wasting our strength.

Sora: If we knew where to strike...

Hiro: Sora! I got it! I'm sending you an AR software update. It'll show you 
where the core is--the Darkubes' weak point. I'm coming to help.

(The AR display glitches like an old videotape)

Sora: Huh? That's weird. Is it busted?

(He attempts to press the button on his headset, but it has no effect. 
Looking ahead, he sees a cloaked figure walking in his direction)

Sora: Hiro, who's that on the display?

Goofy: That's not the display. He's really here.

Sora: Huh?

Go Go: The black coat... He's back?

????: Are you done messing around?

Sora: What? Wait, that voice...

Wasabi: Hold on. You...know this guy?

Fred: And now...enter the supervillain.

Honey Lemon: He definitely has the vibe.

(The figure removes his hood, revealing shoulder-length silver hair just 
like...)

Riku: Funny.

(Sora dispels his Keyblade)

Sora: Riku... But...

(Riku conjures a red object from thin air)

Riku: As if this stupid experiment wasn't already a hassle.

Hiro: Huh? Where'd he get that?

Sora: Hiro, do you recognize it?

Hiro: Yeah...

(Riku holds it up, peering at it with his yellow eyes)

Riku: Not quite ready.

Hiro: That's the first chip I made for Baymax. It's full of combat programs.

(The chip has a skull and crossbones drawn on it. Big Hero 6 reacts with 
shock and disbelief)

Sora: Programs?

Hiro: Yeah, they tell Baymax how to react.

Goofy: Does that mean...it's like his heart?

Donald: Kind of...

(Riku faces the Darkubes)

Riku: More then!

(He tosses the chip into the nest of Darkubes before vanishing in a corridor 
of darkness)

Sora: Riku!

(The Darkubes assume a heart shape and begin to spin uncontrollably, glowing 
a bright greenish-blue. Its arms lash out, knocking Go Go, Wasabi, Honey 
Lemon and Fred off the building)

Sora: Oh no!

Hiro: Sora, I'm on my way. I'll look after my team. You guys fight the 
Darkubes! Remember to use the AR device to target the core!

Sora: I got it!

(The Darkubes aim and shoot a spurt of blocks in their direction, but they 
dodge the attack. Assuming a heart shape once again, the core is exposed 
as a small single block with glowing yellow eyes. However, the core is too 
high for Sora to reach. Without warning the Darkubes glow red and slam 
into the ground, swiping away at the group before reassembling in the air 
as a giant fist. Sora dodges away as it narrowly misses a deadly punch 
from the blocky foe. Forming a heart shape again, Sora takes the initiative)

Sora: Baymax! Full thrust!

(Sora rides on Baymax's back)

Sora: Go, Baymax!

Baymax: Full speed!

(Baymax engages his rocket boots and flies through the center of the 
Darkubes. Sora and Baymax strike at the central core repeatedly until 
the outer blocks fall still, disappearing until only the central core 
is left. It falls to the ground and Sora releases a final strike, 
freeing the heart inside from the Heartless. The red chip clatters to 
the floor)

Hiro: Baymax...

(Hiro runs over and kneels to pick up the chip)

Riku: Oh, this isn't for you.

(Riku snatches it up first)

Riku: At least not until we're done.

(Hiro attempts to get it back, but Riku jumps to the top of a device on 
the roof)

Sora: Riku... Is it you? Why do you look like that?

Riku: Looks are deceiving, but the heart? You know that it's me.

Sora: I know Riku wouldn't do this. Not without a good reason.

Riku: A reason? When did that ever matter? We've been trying to one-up 
each other since we were kids.

Sora: What...?

(Donald and Goofy rush in front of Sora)

Donald: Don't listen to him, Sora!

Goofy: The coat means he's with Organization XIII! And THAT means he's 
not really Riku.

Dark Riku: Smarter than you look.

Goofy: We defeated Ansem and Xehanort--every last one of 'em. But still 
they all came back anyway, right? So, maybe this Riku "came back" too, 
from the time when Ansem possessed him.

Donald: Yeah, from the past!

Sora: What? How?

Dark Riku: Unlike a certain wizard you know, I had to play by the rules 
to travel through time. Which meant leaving my body behind.

(Sora remembers Young Xehanort's explanation of time travel)

Sora: I know about this...

(He looks up at Riku)

Sora: But...YOU HAVE a body.

(Riku smirks)

Dark Riku: Xehanort's heart left his body in order to voyage back through 
time. He needed to tell his younger self of the great plans he had in 
store. There in the past, his heart stayed, and waited out the years until 
you and I came along. Xehanort's heart possessed me and became Ansem, the 
first adversary you faced. The rest of him, the piece he left behind, took 
the name Xemnas and created the first Organization. It was all a part of a 
larger plan to bring Xehanort into contact with the right hearts--enough 
of them to form the real Organization XIII. They could come from anywhere, 
any WHEN...just as long as he had the right vessels at hand to place their 
hearts in.

Sora: Vessels?

Donald & Goofy: Replicas!

Dark Riku: That's right. The Replica Program was a success. We are as real 
as people.

(Sora dispels his Keyblade)

Sora: Then pack up and leave! What are you still doing here?

Dark Riku: To see if we can recreate a heart from data.

Sora: What?

Dark Riku (chuckling darkly): Sorry, did we steal your idea? That walking 
balloon over there has a "heart."

(He looks at the chip in his hand)

Dark Riku: At least that's the nonsense I'm supposed to believe.

Sora: There are hearts all around us. You only have to see them for them 
to become real.

Hiro: Where'd you get that? That's my chip. I made it.

Dark Riku: Oh, well, I'm sorry about that. But I promise I'll put it right 
back where I found it.

Hiro: What do you mean?

(Riku turns away from them)

Dark Riku: I think I'll be getting back to work now.

Sora: No!

Hiro: Wait!

(Riku vanishes)

Hiro: We gotta stop him. Guys--

(Hiro looks back to his friends, who are worn out from tonight's events)

Baymax: You are all suffering from acute exhaustion. I recommend rest.

Hiro: Yeah, you're right. Let's regroup.

(They return to Hiro's Garage)

Fred: C'mon, guys. What's with all the long faces?

(Fred jumps to the center of the room)

Fred: Did you forget that we WON?!

Go Go: Fred. Not now.

(He agrees and stops)

Hiro: His name is Riku? And you know him?

Sora: Yeah... Well, I know A "him."

Donald: That one is a fake!

Goofy: The fake one's with Organization XIII, our arch-nemenies.

Wasabi: Okay, but how'd he get Hiro's chip?

Honey Lemon: And what did he mean about an experiment?

Go Go: And what do they want?

Sora: He said they're trying to recreate a heart from data, but I don't 
know what they REALLY want. None of us do. These guys, they show up--and 
instead of fighting fair and square, they go for the heart and say things 
to try and get under your skin. They're cowards. And now, they're doing it 
to you, too. It's our fault.

(The trio look down)

Hiro: No. This could be good. That chip might finally be able to give me 
some answers.

Sora: You said that you made it, right?

Hiro: Yeah. This Baymax--he's actually the second model. Uh, no offense.

Baymax: I am a robot. I cannot be offended.

(Hiro smiles)

Hiro: It's a long story. But the first Baymax and the chip I made...vanished 
into another dimension along with the microbots. The chip's back... So the 
first Baymax might be back too.

Honey Lemon: Hiro...

(There is silence for a moment)

Baymax: Those who suffer a loss require support from friends and loved ones.

(He motions toward the others in the room and there is a big crash that 
shakes the entire building)

Fred: What was that?

Wasabi: I don't know.

(Hiro rushes to his computer and pulls up a breaking news broadcast reading 
"Mysterious Monsters Renew Attacks. Giant flying creature terrorizing San 
Fransokyo. Police to impose curfew." The screen shows a visual of the 
Darkubes)

Sora: Guys, c'mon!

Hiro: Team, let's go!

(Meanwhile, Maleficent and Pete walk along the overpass of the quiet city. 
Dark Riku enters behind them, causing them to turn around)

Dark Riku: Why are you snooping around?

Maleficent: That would be none of your concern.

Dark Riku: Overstep, and darkness will consume you again.

Maleficent: What an interesting thing to say. I shall do anything I please. 
As should you.

Dark Riku: Oh, I intend to.

(He leaves them)

Pete: Who's he? Friend of yours?

Maleficent: Yes. Though I could not tell you from "when."

(Later after sunrise, the gang finds the Darkubes above a tall building)

Go Go: Hope it's learned some new tricks.

Wasabi: Yeah, now it's gotta face ALL of us.

(Baymax lands on the roof)

Honey Lemon: That's right.

Fred: Freddie want to destroy!

Baymax: Our probability of success is--

Hiro: You don't have to crunch the numbers, Baymax.

(Hiro walks forward)

Hiro: It's not the sum of our parts. It's the sum of our hearts.

Sora: Yeah.

(Riku smiles)

Dark Riku: Which adds up to what?

(They look up to the flying wind sock, where Riku is perched, staring down 
at them)

Dark Riku: Show me.

(He leaps down off the wind sock, summoning the Soul Eater, using it to 
slice through the Darkubes core. He lands on the ground, dispelling his 
weapon as the Darkubes disintegrate. He stands, a piercing grin on his 
face, and holds up the chip, which brims with darkness)

Dark Riku: Almost there.

Sora: What?!

(Riku kicks a few of the blocks, which move slightly, glowing a faint red)

Dark Riku: This pile of junk collected the data we needed... The terror of 
being attacked without warning... The despair of having no place to run... 
The longing for vengeance...

Sora: A heart's more than that!

Wasabi: It's working together.

Donald & Goofy: Smiling at something funny.

Hiro: Trusting friends.

Sora: In every heart, there's hope.

Big Hero 6: Yeah!

Dark Riku: You're right.

Sora: Huh...?

Dark Riku: That's why I made sure our creation fought YOU. Now the data 
contains a complete heart.

Sora: A heart made from conflict? That can't be real.

Dark Riku (interrupting): What was it you said? I only have to see it for 
it to become real? So, let's see it.

(Riku turns toward the Darkubes and raises his arm. A dark portal appears 
in the sky and the Darkubes begin to float, being pulled as if by magnets 
into the portal, some glowing red, and others, green)

Dark Riku: First, we need a vessel.

(Once the Darkubes have all been gathered into the portal, they return out 
in a single round mass, all glowing red with lightning bolts dancing around 
its outside. It descends slowly, pulsating)

Go Go: What's going on?

Honey Lemon: Another Darkube form?

Fred: Doesn't look as bad as the last one.

(He chuckles nervously)

Goofy: It could be a trick.

Wasabi: Usually is.

Donald: We can stop it!

(The Darkubes begin to recede and a white arm emerges from the mass of 
blocks, surprising Hiro. Sora summons his Keyblade)

Sora: Yeah.

Hiro: Wait! That's...Baymax.

Sora: What?!

(Sora looks from Hiro to the Darkubes)

Sora: No way.

(They slowly recede from Baymax's body, but unlike his usual red armor, he 
is clad in a deep purple suit with spiked pauldrons. His right arm is 
covered in miniature Darkubes shaped in an oversized fist. He lands in 
front of Riku. Big Hero 6 exchange looks of concern)

Hiro: Baymax...

Dark Riku: Don't bother. This puppet has lost his heart. He won't wake up.

Hiro: He's not a puppet! Baymax, he's like my family. Please! Give me back 
my friend.

(Riku laughs darkly)

Dark Riku: Yes... I did promise I'd put this back where I found it.

(He lifts up the red chip and Dark Baymax's port opens as Riku inserts the 
chip. The port closes and Dark Baymax's eyes glow red)

Dark Riku: But there's one piece missing. Sora, you're the one who's going 
to complete this heart.

Sora: Yeah, right.

Dark Riku: You can't have a heart without sadness...without loss. You see, 
you're going to destroy Hiro's friend right in front of him.

(Riku disappears in a corridor of darkness)

Sora: Wait!

(Dark Baymax engages his wings and takes off into the sky. They realize that 
he's heading for Hiro)

Everyone: Hiro!

Baymax: Oh no.

(Go Go, Wasabi, Honey Lemon, and Fred try to intervene but Dark Baymax 
swipes them away. Sora, Donald and Goofy hold Dark Baymax back from Hiro, 
when Baymax 2.0 punches him away. Dark Baymax sails through the air and 
over the edge of the building. The others run back to Hiro)

Go Go, Wasabi, Honey Lemon & Fred: Hiro...

(Dark Baymax rises back to the roof, his Darkube arm becoming more of a 
claw. Donald and Goofy run forward)

Sora: Hiro, tell us. What should we do?

(Hiro clenches his fist)

Hiro: Baymax means everything to me. But that chip isn't who he is.

(Donald and Goofy hold Dark Baymax back)

Hiro: I already made this mistake once before. Tadashi wouldn't want there 
to be a Baymax that hurts people. Sora, he has to be stopped.

Sora: Okay. Help Go Go and the others. You can leave this guy to us.

Hiro: Thank you.

(Sora smiles before rushing forward just as Dark Baymax knocks Donald and 
Goofy away. He flies back up into the air)

Sora: Oh no!

Hiro: Sora, take Baymax!

Sora: Okay! Baymax!

Baymax: I am ready, Sora.

(Baymax readies his wings and flies to Sora, extending his arm. Sora grabs 
it and leaps on Baymax's back. They ascend into the skies of San Fransokyo, 
following Dark Baymax. They fly through the city streets as Dark Baymax 
shoots Darkubes back at them. Sora shoots magic bolts at Dark Baymax as 
Baymax 2.0 punches the Darkubes back at him. They sail through each 
District, over and under the railways in an effort to catch up with the 
dark robot. Dark Baymax pulses with purple energy as they corner him in 
the South District)

Sora: What?

(A surge flows through Dark Baymax and the red behind his eyes flash, 
Darkubes sparkling in the air around him. He strikes aggressively with his 
large claw and Baymax and Sora dodge backwards. Dark Baymax extends his 
wings and raises his arm, summoning a torrent of dark rain upwards that 
falls back down, cascading in Sora's direction. With a quick boost from 
Baymax's rocket boots, they aerial dodge as it narrowly misses them)

Sora: We'll stop him together!

Baymax: Understood.

(Baymax 2.0 flies at the Dark Baymax, performing an uppercut and 
interrupting his summoning of Darkubes. Immediately, Sora continues his 
barrage of magical bolts as Baymax pummels Dark Baymax)

Baymax: Knife Hand. Roundhouse. Hammer Fist.

(Sora leaps off of Baymax from above his dark doppelgnger and as Baymax 
persues Dark Baymax from behind, Sora drops in above him, knocking him 
away. Baymax swoops by and Sora grabs his extended hand, leaping onto his 
back again and dispelling his Keyblade. Baymax jolts, being pulled backwards 
as Dark Baymax grabs onto his rocket boots and swings Baymax and Sora 
toward the ground. Baymax regains his orientation and clutches Dark 
Baymax's own rocket boots, pulling him down. Sora screams as their descent 
results in a tussle through the air. Dark Baymax's large claw grasps 
Baymax's arm, but Baymax knocks it away and engages the rocket in his 
fist, punching Dark Baymax away from him. As Baymax reaches the ground, 
he slows his descent with his rocket boots as Dark Baymax crashes to the 
earth. Baymax 2.0 turns back as his fist returns to his suit. Sora leaps 
off Baymax and rushes to the dark robot, which sparks as electricity 
courses around the broken armor. Donald and Goofy arrive with the others)

Sora: Guys... Hiro...

(They rush past him and Hiro stops at the sight of the fallen Baymax)

Wasabi: So...did we stop him?

Hiro: Safety mode kicks in if he's put under too much stress, so he's 
probably just in stasis.

(He kneels down by his friend)

Hiro: We'll have to destroy the chip if we want to be certain.

Honey Lemon: But...are you sure?

Fred: Yeah, dude...you don't need to go THAT FAR.

Go Go: Maybe we can find another way.

(Hiro shakes his head and taps open the port on Dark Baymax's chest. He 
removes the red chip)

Hiro: It's the right thing to do.

(The Darkubes fly into the air in spirals as Baymax's armor starts to 
glow a bright red. The cubes blink away, leaving behind the white pillowy 
form of Baymax. Hiro places a hand on his friend)

Hiro: Tadashi would've done the same thing.

Sora: But Hiro...isn't that Baymax's heart?

(Hiro places a hand over his own heart)

Hiro: It's okay. Baymax is HERE.

(He opens his palm, looking down at the red chip)

Hiro: I...should be the one.

(Hiro destroys the chip. Later, they gather in Hiro's Garage)

Hiro: Ow?

(Eyes open)

Baymax: Hello, I am Baymax, your personal healthcare companion.

(They rejoice as Baymax is restored and Hiro rushes to hug him)
Fred: Two Baymaxes!

(Baymax 2.0 hugs Hiro as well as Goofy and Donald laugh, everyone chattering 
excitedly)

Sora: This is great, Hiro!

Hiro: Yeah, thanks.

Sora: So, uh, do you think I could take one of them with me?

Hiro: Uh, that's a no.

Sora: What? Come on.

Hiro: No. Who's gonna repair him?

Sora: One. Just one of them!

(Hiro sighs)

Sora: C'mon. Pleeease?

Hiro: He's MY personal healthcare companion?

(After unsuccessfully convincing Hiro, the three pals leave their new 
friends in the big city of San Fransokyo. They return to Le Grand Bistrot 
in Twilight Town. After giving Little Chef more ingredients, they walk out 
of the restaurant with Scrooge)

Sora: Hey, Little Chef, your bistro turned out to be a big hit! 

(The rat smiles and nods from atop Sora's head)

Goofy: Yeah, everybody in the whole town loves it.

Donald: Good idea, Uncle Scrooge.

Scrooge: Aye, naturally! But to be perfectly honest, I'm actually a wee 
bit surprised myself.

(He scratches his temple)

Goofy: Gawrsh, Uncle Scrooge, I thought you had this all planned out in 
advance.

(Sora turns to face Scrooge)

Sora: Wait, didn't you?

Scrooge: Oh, I had the business side of it planned down to the finest 
detail--the open air theatre, the flyers, the promo data--the whole kit 
and caboodle. But that wasn't enough. It was Little Chef's commitment to 
his craft--his desire to put smiles on everyone's faces--that made the 
bistro a success. A heart that cares that much is like a giant magnet that 
grabs ya and pulls ya right in.

Goofy: That must be why we like hangin' around Sora. Don'tcha think so, 
Donald?

Donald: Yeah!

Scrooge: Aye, and perhaps why Little Chef took such a shinin' to you in the 
first place.

(Sora's eyes move upward to Little Chef's direction. He moves his arm and 
the rat runs down to his hand, facing Sora. Sora chuckles and high-fives 
Little Chef with his finger)

Scrooge: Folks are hungry for connection, so you lads keep 'em well fed.

Sora: Sure thing! Right, Little Chef?

(Little Chef nods confidently, winking. Later, they return to their Gummi 
Ship. Sora's Gummiphone starts to ring and Jiminy leaps into his shoulder 
as he pulls it out)

Jiminy: Sora, somebody's callin' us on the Gummiphone.

(Donald and Goofy walk to Sora's chair and Sora answers the call. Dale 
appears on the screen way too close to the camera)

Dale: We got baaad news.

Sora: Huh?

(Chip yanks Dale away from the camera)

Chip: We totally lost contact with the King and Riku! They're all on their 
own in the realm of darkness!

Sora, Donald, Goofy & Jiminy: Whaaat?!

Sora: See? I knew I shoulda gone!

Donald: Chip, how do we get to 'em?

Sora: NOW we can ask?

Goofy: It's not like we can use that big old door anymore. It's completely 
gone.

Sora: Yeah, we closed it after beating Ansem.

Jiminy: And we certainly can't ask the King or Riku.

Sora: 'Cause you wouldn't LET me ask.

(Dale pushes Chip out of the way)

Dale: Only King Mickey can open a door to the realm of darkness.

Sora, Donald & Goofy: Huh?

(Chip pushes Dale away and Jiminy hops down)

Chip: It's because he has a special Keyblade of darkness. He figured out 
how to make it open the way.

Sora (sighing): Oh...

Goofy: Gawrsh, what'll we do then?

(Donald groans)

Sora: May my heart be our guiding key. It'll show us the way.

(Sora stands and summons the Keyblade, aiming it ahead of him. The tip 
glows and a portal opens outside the ship)

Jiminy, Donald & Goofy: A gate!

(Sora puts away the Keyblade)

Sora: But where does it lead?

Donald: It doesn't matter! Go!

Goofy: Hurry, Sora!

Sora: Okay.

(Sora sits at the controls and pilots the ship through the wormhole, the 
portal closing behind them with a ripple. The bright warm sun shines down 
on the sandy beaches of the Destiny Islands. Sora, Donald and Goofy walk 
along the seashore)

Sora: Why do you think that gate took us here?

(Walking further down the beach, Sora comes upon a Keyblade in the sand, 
the teeth of the blade forming the shape of an 'E'. Sora kneels down and 
picks it up)

Sora: A Keyblade?

Donald: It looks so old.

(He holds it in both hands, looking it over)

Sora: How did it end up here?

Goofy: Hmm, maybe it's another guiding key.

Sora: Sure, but to guide us where?

(He aims it forward and a beam erupts from the blade, striking a corner of 
the beach where a tree meets a rockface. The area glows, revealing a door. 
They rush over to it)

Goofy: A door!

Donald: Let's go.

(Sora closes his eyes, steeling himself)

Sora: Not you guys.

Donald & Goofy: Huh?

(Sora takes a few steps forward)

Sora: The realm of darkness--it isn't safe for you.

Donald: Forget it. I'm going.

Goofy: Yeah. You can't make a whole pint without us.

Sora: Come on, guys, think about it. Even the King and Riku struggled in the 
realm of darkness. Someone needs to stay out here, just in case. If 
something happens to the rest of us, you two need to carry on.

Donald (sadly): Sora... (angrily) Stop it!

Goofy: We understand, but we don't want you goin' someplace dangerous on 
your own.

Sora: Thanks, guys. But I'll be fine. I'll make sure Riku and the King are 
safe. Trust me.

(He smiles and Donald and Goofy exchange concerned looks. They nod softly 
to each other)

Donald: You promise to be good?

Goofy: And come home nice and safe?

Sora: Right.

(Sora turns around and enters the Secret Place. In the Dark World...)

Mickey: Riku, look!

(The Demon Tower wriggles in the air, bending over and twisting into Riku, 
knocking the Keyblade from his arms. It dissipates when it hits the sand)

Mickey (gasping): Riku!

(The swarm of Heartless knocks Mickey off his feet and he also drops his 
Keyblade, consumed by the swarm. Riku lifts himself up)

Riku: Mickey!

(The Demon Tower coalesces under swirling winds into an orb of darkness 
before Riku's very eyes. Purple fragments gather within the orb, pushing 
out of it. The bubble bursts and a dark figure leaps out landing on the 
gray sand. King Mickey watches from his prison in the orb as the dark figure 
walks toward his Keyblade, picking it up)

????: This Keyblade...

(Mickey gasps at the familiar voice)

Mickey: Is it her?

(The darkness peels away at the woman, revealing blue hair)

????: Mickey...

(She turns, revealing her yellow eyes)

Anti-Aqua: You're too late.

Riku: Aqua?

Mickey: What happened?

Anti-Aqua: You abandoned me, that's what. Left me in this shadow prison 
for more than a decade, knowing what it would do to me...

Mickey: I'm sorry. It's all my fault.

(She turns and walks to the shoreline)

Anti-Aqua: I reached this shore after endless wandering. Waited forever for 
help to arrive. But no one ever came.

(She walks over the water)

Anti-Aqua: I lost my Keyblade. Had no means of fighting my way back through 
the Heartless. You should have known I was stranded. Do you have any idea 
how lonely it is here?

(These words speak to Riku)

Anti-Aqua: How frightening it is to have no one?

(Riku clenches his fist in the sand)

Anti-Aqua: All that's left in my heart is misery and despair...and now, you 
can share it!

(Riku walks toward her)

Riku: There's no need. Got my own.

(In Riku's heart, a version of Riku from the past wearing the dark clothes 
of his possessed self walks to his side, the Riku Replica. In his hand he 
holds a special Keyblade, the Way to the Dawn. He looks over at Riku and 
smirks, before vanishing into particles of light. Riku clenches his fist 
again and summons his Keyblade, walking over the water after Aqua. The orb 
holding Mickey floats over the water between them, becoming a swirling mass 
of Shadow Heartless once more. He strikes at the swirling mass, sending 
Shadows flying left and right. The Demon Tower takes on a purple aura and 
splashes downward, the Heartless's eyes glowing red, as Anti-Aqua appears, 
raising the Keyblade in her hands)

Anti-Aqua: Enough!

(She summons large icy spikes, sending them careening toward Riku, before 
releasing the Demon Tower once again. Riku lands back on the water, 
breathing heavily)

Riku: Sora...

(A light shines from above and a door appears, the same door from the 
Destiny Islands. Sora soars in, landing with a splash on the water)

Sora (smiling): I made it!

(Riku smiles back at Sora and dispels his Keyblade as the Demon Tower 
swirls in front of them. Both Sora and Riku hold their arms out together, 
eminating a brilliant white light. Above, two colorful Keyblades, 
Nightmare's End and Mirage Split join together to form a giant two-handled 
blade. Sora and Riku lift their arms, raising the powerful Keyblade, which 
glows with a warm light. They throw their arms forward and the light washes 
over the Demon Tower, dispersing the Shadows inside. They release Mickey 
from their hold, sending him falling to the beach with a shout. Riku rushes 
over to him and Anti-Aqua races after him. She raises the Keyblade as Riku 
summons his just in time. The blades clash, sending up a gigantic splash. As 
the misting water falls away, Sora is holding back Aqua's Keyblade from 
Riku, sparks flying from the blades' contact. Riku stands with his mouth 
agape. Anti-Aqua leaps backward. Sora looks back at Riku, giving him a 
reassuring smile, which Riku returns)

Riku: How, Sora?

(Sora dispels his Keyblade and summons the one he found on the island)

Sora: I...had a little help. Watch over the King. I've got this.

Riku: Okay.

(Riku rushes back to Mickey as Sora dispels the Master's Defender in favor 
of his own Keyblade to face down Anti-Aqua. She teleports over the water, 
sending a strike of dark energy in his direction. She spirals on the water, 
summoning a dark Blizzard spell. Two identical clones appear wielding the 
same spell, closing in on Sora. They release shards of ice that whiz by 
Sora's head, just missing him, before encircling him in a glowing snowflake. 
He narrowly dodges, but is struck by an icicle. He runs forward, but Anti-
Aqua teleports three times in succession, causing him to miss with each 
strike. For a moment, he sees no one on the water, waiting with bated 
breath, but then he turns his head. She walks slowly away from him)

Anti-Aqua: Shouldn't have abandoned me...

(Sora's eyes lock onto her and he leaps into the air. Suddenly, she 
cartwheels to the side and strikes again. Sora catches himself, but at his 
chance to strike, she vanishes again. She reappears with multiple illusory 
copies of herself)

Anti-Aqua: I've wandered the shadows endlessly...

Anti-Aqua: You don't know what true loneliness is...

Anti-Aqua: I've waited for so long...

Anti-Aqua: Now you can share in the terror I've felt!

(Sora sends multiple projectile attacks until they hit their mark, exposing 
the true Anti-Aqua as the doppelgngers disappear. As Anti-Aqua reels back 
from the onslaught, Sora goes in for the final blow. She takes a few steps 
back, holding her head as darkness pools at her feet. With labored breaths, 
she stumbles backwards, releasing her hold on the Star Cluster Keyblade. It 
glows and disappears away from her. As she falls backwards if in slow-
motion, the darkness she harbors chips away. Aqua lands in the pool of 
darkness and sinks into the water. Above, a light shines through the blue 
abyss. She opens her equally blue eyes)

Aqua: So...this is the end.

(She closes her eyes, assuming for the final time)

Sora: Aqua!

(At the voice, she opens them again seeing a boy holding out his hand, 
reaching for her. She met this boy once. What was his name?)

Aqua: Sora...

(She extends her hand and they touch, a brilliant light erupting from it. 
Warm like the sun. She opens her eyes. The sky is blue and the waves are 
calm and the sand is soft. In the haze of the light from the Destiny 
Islands, Aqua sees Ventus and Terra)

Ventus: Aqua!

Terra: Aqua!

(Her surprise turns to comfort)

Aqua: Ven... Terra...

(The haze starts to clear and the images of Ven and Terra become that of 
Sora and Riku)

Sora: Aqua!

Riku: Aqua!

Aqua: It's you...

Mickey: Thank goodness. You're awake!

(She turns to see him)

Aqua: Mickey...

(She looks around at the environment, still sitting on the sand)

Aqua: Are these...the Destiny Islands?

Mickey: That's right.

Aqua: When did they fall to darkness?

(Riku shakes his head with a smile)

Riku: You're in the realm of light.

(The revelation strikes a chord, the emotion welling up inside her, the 
weight of the loneliness and despair that she had been holding onto for 
years suddenly exits her body in the form of tears. Seeing this, Sora 
extends a warm hand)

Sora: You're home.

(His smile is infectious)

Donald & Goofy: You're home!

(Donald rushes forward to hug her, along with Mickey. Goofy joins in)

Mickey: Welcome home.

(Sora grabs hold of Goofy and they all release a relieving laughter. Riku 
puts a hand on Sora's shoulder)

Sora: We did it!

(Meanwhile in Radiant Garden, Vexen speaks with Demyx)

Demyx: WHAAA--?!

(Vexen clamps a hand over Demyx's open mouth)

Vexen (hissing): Quiet, you dunce!

(He looks around warily and Demyx releases his hand)

Demyx: But, dude, why would you pick me?

Vexen: I cannot let the chosen catch wind of this, understand?

Demyx: Oh, I see! It's because I got benched!

(He wags a finger in Vexen's face)

Vexen (yelling): I got "benched" too!

Demyx: Wha--

(Demyx covers Vexen's mouth this time)

Demyx: Hey! Quiet!

(Vexen looks around again and Demyx lets up. Vexen coughs awkwardly, 
regaining his composure, and sighs, turning away from Demyx)

Demyx: Okay, man, look. Real talk? Backstabbing those guys would be stupid. 
If they find out, we are yesterday's toast. I mean, what's in it for me?

Vexen: Forgiveness.

Demyx: Huh? For what?

Vexen: Men like us--in the pursuit of science, we sometimes make terrible 
mistakes. Lose sight of our mission to help people. But now I can help 
someone with my research. Now, I can atone.

(Demyx narrows his eyes)

Demyx: I'm not a scientist.

(He turns away, but Vexen rushes after him)

Vexen: Wait, wait, wait!

(He grabs him by the shoulder)

Demyx: C'mon, dude. I'm useless, I'm chicken, we're not friends. I can 
count the number of times you and I have hung out on one hand--LESS than 
one hand! I didn't even KNOW you in the old life!

Vexen: Fine, FINE! But listen.

(He waves him closer and whispers in Demyx's ear)

Demyx: Huh? No way!

Vexen: It's true. The whole thing was HIS idea.

Demyx: Huh? No stinkin' way.

Vexen: He wants to atone too. But, he is one of the chosen, so his hands 
are tied. Hence my actions on his behalf, hence my need for you to act on 
MY behalf should all go awry. As you said, we are far from friends. No one 
would ever suspect you.

Demyx: Hmm... So I'm not doing any fighting?

Vexen: Correct. And more importantly, no benchwarming.

(He smiles and does a small leap)

Demyx: Ha! Yeah baby! Sign me up.

(He swings around making happy fists in the air as Vexen rolls his eyes)

Demyx: Yes! Demyx time.

(Inside the castle, Ienzo stares at the computer screen, which displays an 
image of Ansem the Wise from a decade ago)

Ienzo: We've come a long way toward reconstructing Roxas's heart. But a 
vessel... Without that... Yeah, right. Bodies don't grow on trees, Ienzo. 
It's the backup plan or nothing now. But...the backup plan isn't a true 
solution.

(A corridor of darkness appears behind him)

?????: Finally. 'Bout time.

(Ienzo whirls around, seeing Demyx enter, carrying something wrapped in a 
white cloak. He chuckles, looking around)

Demyx: Ooh. Nice place.

Ienzo: Demyx? Is that you?!

(Demyx raises an arm)

Demyx: Hey, Zexion! Long time!

(Demyx lays the cloaked bundle on the floor and rotates his shoulder and 
stretches his neck)

Demyx: How's humanity treatin' ya? I rejoined the Nobodies, but, like...I 
just can't shake the feeling I've been sweet-talked, y'know?

(He walks up to Ienzo)

Demyx: We have sooo got to have a chat.

Ienzo: Whoa, back up. What?

Demyx: Oh! Sorry, sorry. I'm gettin' ahead of myself. I'm actually here on 
a top secret mission. Apparently I'm so off everyone's radar, that I'm just 
the guy to handle a special delivery.

(He walks back to the corridor of darkness and places his hands on his hips. 
He moves aside as if presenting something)

Demyx: Ta-daaah!

(Out of the corridor walks Ansem the Wise)

Ienzo (flummoxed): Master Ansem!

(The portal closes and Ansem the Wise stands with his hands behind his back)

Ansem the Wise: Ah, well me, little Ienzo.

(Aeleus and Dilan run into the room, equally shocked, both speechless. Ienzo 
steps forward, his feelings twisting and turning inside his stomach)

Ienzo (choking back tears): They told me you'd gone mad. That you abandoned 
us. I was just a boy, but I should have known better. I am truly, deeply 
sorry.

(Ansem places his hands on Ienzo's shoulders)

Ansem the Wise: I think what matters is that you recognize the mistake. 
Peace, Ienzo.

(Ienzo looks up at him)

Ansem the Wise: It was I who was consumed by hatred--who failed you in my 
obligations as your mentor. Forgive me.

(Aeleus comforts a remorseful Dilan and Demyx interjects with a nervous laugh)

Demyx: So, uh...are we cool to get on with things here?

(He points to the bundle on the floor)

Demyx: Got ya a present from Vexen. One was all he could manage for the 
time being, but hey, he figured you guys would know what to do with it.

(They look down at the replica in the cloak)

Ienzo: A vessel!

(Later, Sora, Donald and Goofy accompany Aqua down a foggy road)

Goofy: You sure about this, Aqua?

Sora: If you want, we can take you back to Master Yen Sid's tower to rest 
with Riku and the King?

Donald: Uh-huh.

Aqua: Thank you. But...Ven's expecting me. I promised to wake him. Said I'd 
be right back, but I'm not even close. I'm in for an earful.

(She smiles to herself and the trio exchange glances as they arrive at 
Castle Oblivion. Aqua takes a deep breath with her hand over her heart. 
Donald looks from Aqua to the castle, then back to Aqua. Then the castle. 
Then Aqua. Then he starts getting impatient, tapping his finger on his arm. 
Just as he decides he's finished waiting, Goofy clamps him up, muffling his 
squawking, as Aqua summons the Master's Defender. Donald taps on Goofy's 
hand to get his attention. They watch as Aqua aims the Keyblade at the 
castle doors, a Keyhole appearing with a dazzling light. Donald breaks free 
from Goofy's grip and the three stare in amazement. The wind whips around 
them and Aqua steels her resolve. She thrusts the Keyblade forward and a 
beam of light sparks forward into the Keyhole. The trio shield themselves 
from a burst of wind, while Aqua stares unblinking as the seal on the 
castle breaks. A projection of her former home rises on the face of the 
castle and the many towers and floors readjust themselves to match the 
projection, untwisting and untangling the endless halls, everything clicking 
into place. The shadowy darkness of the clouds around the castle are pushed 
back to reveal the brightest blue sky of the world knows as The Land of 
Departure. They walk forward in awe of their surroundings. Inside the 
castle, they walk through the entrance hall taking in its splendor. Aqua 
turns to face them)

Aqua: Ready?

(The three of them nod and they walk through the golden halls and ascend 
the stairs to the Great Hall, where they find Ventus sleeping in the center 
of three large chairs. Aqua rushes to his side)

Aqua: Ven.

(She touches his face and places her head to his)

Aqua: I'm sorry it took so long.

(He doesn't stir and she tries to shake him)

Aqua: Ven, wake up. Open your eyes, please!

(He still doesn't stir)

Aqua: Why? Your heart never found its way home?

???????: That was a neat trick.

(Sora, Donald and Goofy turn to see Vanitas walk in)

Vanitas: No wonder no one could find him.

Sora: Vanitas!

(Aqua rushes forward, glaring)

Aqua: Why are you here?

Vanitas: Oh, I'm sorry to interrupt your touching reunion, but surely you 
won't begrudge me a moment with my brother?

(Sora, Donald and Goofy summon their weapons and rush at him. Vanitas 
chuckles and vanishes as they reach him. He reappears behind them, but 
before Sora can react, he disappears again. Aqua searches the room for him, 
but he reappears on top of Ven's chair)

Aqua: What?!

Vanitas: So Venty-Wenty wants to keep sleeping. What am I ever going to do 
with you?

(Aqua summons her Keyblade)

Aqua: Shut up!

(She leaps up at him, pulling back the Keyblade for a great swing. She 
whips it forward but it is met by Vanitas's Keyblade. She pushes against 
him, but he fights back)

Vanitas: You better settle down there, "Master."

(She jumps away from him, flipping backwards to land on her feet, as he 
persues her to the floor)

Sora: Aqua, I'll handle him!

Aqua: No. I'M ending this.

Sora: But...you haven't recovered yet.

Aqua: Sorry, but you've seen me too weak, too often. Now it's my turn to 
shine.

(She created a hexagonal barrier around herself and Vanitas. The trio move 
backwards as it expands. Sora places a hand while Goofy bangs his fist on 
the barrier)

Sora, Donald & Goofy: Aqua!

(Vanitas readies to fight. Demonstrating years of honing her craft, Aqua 
fights circles around Vanitas. All of the darkness he can muster fails to 
snuff out her light. In midair, she swings her Keyblade forward knocking 
him away, both fighters falling to the floor. Vanitas turns his head toward 
Ventus and cackles. He brings his Keyblade back behind his head, igniting 
the teeth of the blade and sending a meteor straight toward Ventus, creating 
a deep crack in the magical barrier. Sensing his plan, Aqua leaps to guard 
the weak point just as Vanitas sends a second meteor to finish the job. 
Aqua slams to the ground, her Keyblade vanishing, as Vanitas releases a dark 
laugh. Sora watches, helpless, as Vanitas walks over to Aqua and raises his 
blade)

Sora: Aqua!

(Sora feels a sudden tug in his chest. Above the stained glass in Sora's 
heart, Ventus floats, his eyes closed in sleep)

Ventus: I...have to wake up...

Sora: Yes. Tell me what to do.

Ventus: The power of waking...

Sora: I can't. I still don't have it yet.

Ventus: You never lost it... It sleeps...until someone needs it... Call to 
it...

Sora: I am calling...with all my heart.

(The stained glass platform shines with a light and Sora appears. He lifts 
his Keyblade and the tip glows. A Keyhole appears on the floor in front of 
him and light ripples through the stained glass. Sora rises off the platform 
and the Keyhole shines brilliantly. Soon, thousands of white birds take off 
from the Keyhole, the light growing along the glass, revealing Ventus's 
platform. Sora aims his Keyblade, shooting a beam of light at Ventus's heart)

Ventus: Thank you for always keeping me safe, Sora...

(Ventus's eyes begin to open as Sora watches Ven's heart ascend, finally 
released. The light shining from Ven's body catches Vanitas's attention as 
Ventus smashes through the barrier)

Ventus: Aqua!

(He strikes Vanitas's blade, clenching his teeth, and the clash between 
light and darkness spills over, shattering the barrier. It settles around 
them in magical shards and Sora, Donald and Goofy rush forward. Vanitas 
bites his tongue and leaps over them silently)

Vanitas: Three guardians is more than I care to face. But now that my 
brother is awake...I'm just certain that he'll come to visit.

(He disappears in a corridor of darkness and the group dispels their 
weapons. Ven helps Aqua stand)

Sora: Aqua, are you all right?

Aqua: Yes. I'm fine, Sora.

(Ventus pauses momentarily, noting the similarity between Sora and Vanitas)

Ventus: Huh?! You're...Sora?

Sora: Yup. Hey, Ventus.

(He extends a hand)

Ventus: I get it. You were my second chance.

Sora: Huh?

(Ventus smiles, shaking the thought away, and takes Sora's hand)

Ventus: Call me Ven.

(Aqua touches his head)

Aqua: Good morning, Ven.

Ventus: Good morning, Aqua.

(Later, the seven guardians of light, along with Donald and Goofy meet in 
Yen Sid's study)

Yen Sid: At last, we are all assembled. First: Sora, Riku, Donald, Goofy, 
Mickey, I cannot thank you enough for what you have done. And you, Aqua and 
Ventus: we are fortunate to have you back.

Aqua: Thanks. I only wish we could have returned to help sooner. We're 
grateful to all of you for rescuing us.

Ventus: Thank you.

Mickey: I feel bad for letting you guys down. We tried, but we still haven't 
found Terra.

Aqua: Don't. He studied with Master Eraqus, just like us. He's our 
responsibility.

(She looks to Ventus, who nods)

Riku: Mickey told me that you saved me in the realm of darkness. I should 
have gone to help you right away. But I was too inexperienced. I'm sorry. I 
know that I let you down.

Aqua: No, just the opposite.

Goofy: Did ya know Riku's a true Keyblade Master now?

Aqua: That's wonderful.

Donald: The King, too.

Aqua: Good for you!

(Mickey blushes)

Donald: But Sora needs work.

Sora: Yeah, rub it in...

(They all laugh)

Aqua: I'm happy to see that you haven't changed one bit.

Sora: Huh?

Aqua: Sora, you probably don't remember...

Sora: Umm... Uhhhhhh...

(He gives her a sheepish smile)

Aqua: It's okay.

(Axel clears his throat)

Yen Sid: Ah yes. Let us not forget our new Keyblade wielders. Lea, Kairi, 
you have made tremendous strides.

Axel: Hey there. And that's "future Keyblade Master"--

Aqua: Kairi?

(Interrupting Axel, Aqua walks up to Kairi, bending closer to see her 
necklace)

Aqua: Incredible! It IS you.

Mickey: You know her?

Aqua: When you and I first met in Radiant Garden, the Unversed tried to 
attack a little girl. Do you remember?

Mickey: Oh, gosh! That little girl was Kairi?

(Kairi is speechless)

Aqua: I guess it must've worked--the spell that I cast on you.

Kairi: I'm sorry. Those days are hazy for me. But it sounds like I'd have 
been in trouble without you. So, thank you.

(She bows)

Aqua: Please. You were really, very little. Anyone would forget, hazy 
memory or not.

(Axel clears his throat again, more forcefully this time)

Axel: This is all very touching, guys, but where do I fit in? Ven looks 
just like Roxas--or is it Roxas looks just like Ven?

(Ven smiles and Axel notices)

Axel: And now I have to explain all of that to him--which is in itself a 
crazy long story--and, apparently everybody already knows everyone, and 
this is an insane amount to get memorized!

Ventus: Sorry, Lea.

(Axel gasps, pointing to his temple)

Axel: You remember me?

Ventus: Yeah, 'course! We're friends. I can't believe you became a Keyblade 
wielder just like me.

Axel: Yeah.

Sora: Axel, you know Ven?

Ventus: Axel? Who's Axel?

Axel: See, see, SEE? Major brain-ache.

(Jiminy emerges from Sora's hood and hops onto his head, surprising Axel)

Axel: NOW who?

Jiminy: Not to worry, folks. To help us out, I've given each of you a 
Gummiphone. They've got summaries of everything that's happened so far. That 
way, you can read up, if you'd like. And if anyone has any questions, we 
can call each other.

Donald: That's our Jiminy.

Goofy: He's always prepared.

Jiminy (proudly): Mm-hmm.

Mickey: Welp, we've got our seven guardians.

Sora: Yeah. But...I do wish that Roxas, and Namin, and Terra could be here 
with us too.

Riku: Since when do you mope, Sora? Come on. Terra's gotta be with the 
Organization. Which means we'll have a chance to save him.

Aqua: Leave it to Ven and I. We'll bring him home.

Ventus: Yeah, I made Terra a promise. I said I'd be there for him when he 
needs me.

Axel: And I'll figure Roxas out. Don't know how, but...I'll get him back.

Kairi: Namin is right here, safe with me.

(She places a hand over her heart)

Kairi: I know that we'll find a way to help her. Trust me--I'm not giving up.

Mickey: Kairi's right. We're all in this together, Sora.

Goofy: And Donald and I are no Keyblade wielders, but we'll always be right 
there to help keep ya steady. We've got your back, not just now, but always.

(Donald taps Sora's leg)

Donald: Three half-pints make a whole!

Sora: That again?

(They laugh)

Yen Sid: It is a shame that all of our friends could not be here. But our 
seven guardians of light have united. Perhaps you might say that we have 
nine guardians, with Donald and Goofy. Given time, I know the others will 
soon stand with us.

Sora: Yeah.

Yen Sid: Today, you recuperate. On the morrow, you journey to the fated 
place.

Mickey: Right!

Everyone: Yeah!

(Later, Aqua and Ven walk down the steps of Yen Sid's tower, looking up at 
the life-sized painting of stars in the sky)

Ventus: The stars here are so beautiful. I noticed it when we arrived.

Aqua: Yes.

Ventus: We've gone without this for so long.

Aqua: I know.

(Ven sits on the steps)

Ventus: I remember dreaming a lot. Of you and Terra. Of Sora and his friends 
too, I think. And there were some more people I didn't recognize. Oh, and I 
saw these weird animal creatures! It's like...I've been part of some big 
adventure.

Aqua: I've been places, too. But pretty soon...things'll be back to normal.

(Ventus takes out his Wayfinder, holding it up to the stars)

Ventus: Let's share stories when Terra's back.

(Aqua takes her Wayfinder out, holding it the same way)

Aqua: Yeah.

(Meanwhile in Twilight Town, Maleficent walks through the Tram Common. She 
looks over as Pete walks toward her)

Pete: I've had it with this stupid treasure hunt. Every box we've found has 
been nothin' but a bust.

Maleficent: I agree. Our search ends today.

Pete: What-a-huh-now?!

Maleficent: You cannot find the unfindable. The box does not exist.

Pete: I KNEW they was takin' us for a ride.

(She taps her staff against the ground)

Maleficent: Silence, imbecile. I mean the box does not exist NOW.

Pete: Is that some kinda riddle? Just where we s'posed to be lookin'?

Maleficent: Light and darkness are fated to clash. A Keyblade War is upon 
us. We need only wait for that destined moment. No matter the victors, the 
box will be revealed.

Pete: That's it?! But when's MY big moment?

Maleficent: You will have it soon enough. Once I possess the box, our real 
work can begin.

(She enters a corridor of darkness and Pete, groaning, follows her in. 
Elsewhere in Twilight Town, Axel sits atop the clock tower with three bars 
of sea-salt ice cream. He bites into one with a sad look on his face)

Axel: Well, Roxas... I shoulda been there for you by now, but here we are.

????: Shouldn't you say good-bye to your REAL home?

(He looks up, stunned, as Sax enters from around the corner)

Axel: Why...

(He sits next to Axel on the ledge)

Sax: I'm not here to fight. Relax.

(Sax takes one of the ice cream bars)

Axel: Hey!

Sax: You can't eat all this. Why did you buy three of them? One for Roxas...

(Axel looks at them)

Sax: ...and two for good luck?

Axel (grumpy): I dunno. Because I felt like it, okay? Why are you here?

(Sax begins to eat his ice cream)

Sax: Got it memorized? Back when we were still friends, we used to sneak 
into the castle. 

Axel: Yeah...

Sax: And we made a friend there, a girl. We apprenticed to Ansem the Wise 
to rescue her.

Axel: Yeah, and we failed. One day she was just gone!

Sax: You gave up.

(These words sting Axel)

Axel: I did not give up. One day we're apprentices, the next Ansem the Wise 
has up and vanished, the day after we're Nobodies, day after that we're 
doing icky jobs for Xemnas. I couldn't keep up with you.

Sax: Following Xehanort's Nobody was the only way to discover what 
happened to her. She was his lab rat.

Axel: So? You found her? I helped you rise up the ranks, so I hope it paid 
off.

Sax: I'm afraid not. Nary a trace. I started to wonder if we'd imagined 
her. Maybe she never existed. And then, in time, I awakened to a new 
purpose. I realized I could be stronger.

Axel: Well, then, you blew it! Wise up already and just quit.

Sax: Face it. Roxas is just like our other friend.

(Axel's eyes widen)

Sax: Gone forever. You need to accept that.

Axel: You wish. I'm getting her back. All of 'em!

(He looks at the second ice cream)

Axel: Especially Roxas! I'm even dragging YOU home.

(Sax finishes his ice cream)

Sax: The marks under your eyes. They're gone.

Axel: Yeah. Don't need 'em.

(Sax stands up slowly)

Sax: Always told you they'd stop you from crying. The upside down tears.

Axel: Would you get lost? I'll clobber you tomorrow.

(Sax smirks)

Sax: I expect no less.

(He disappears in a corridor of darkness and Axel's face softens in the 
light of the eternal sunset. On the Destiny Islands, Riku sits on the 
beach, staring out at the setting sun)

????: How long have you known that I was with you?

(Riku looks over at the voice, his initial surprise turning to warm comfort)

Riku: You DID save me.

(Next to him on the beach is the Riku Replica)

Riku: I think you came along for a reason.

Riku Replica: I didn't make much of myself as a replica. I was a failure, 
and after you and Sora moved on, my body fell to ruin and the darkness took 
my broken mind. I was all ready to give up and let it happen, and then you 
showed up.

(Riku gives a small laugh)

Riku: You took that as a sign?

(The Replica smiles)

Riku Replica: Maybe. I'd rather face my end with you than in darkness.

Riku: That's...what you want?

Riku Replica: Yeah. But I'm not done yet. Got one last thing to see through.

Riku: Take the time you need.

(Sora and Kairi sit on the small island next to the Seashore, watching Riku)

Sora: Hey, why's Riku all alone?

Kairi: He said he needed time to himself. Let's let him be.

(Sora hears a rustling and Kairi hands him a star-shaped fruit)

Kairi: Here.

Sora (surprised): Huh?

(He looks down at the paopu fruit and up to Kairi's smiling face)

Kairi: Tomorrow's fight will be our toughest yet. I want to be a part of 
your life no matter what. That's all.

(He takes the fruit from her)

Sora: Kairi, I'll keep you safe.

(Kairi shakes her head)

Kairi: Let ME keep YOU safe.

(What once was just a symbol drawn on a cave wall has now become real. They 
stare into each other's eyes in the glow of the setting sun. The next day, 
they arrive in the dusty deserted Badlands)

Mickey: It's time. The Keyblade Graveyard is up ahead.

(Aqua, Ven, Donald and Goofy nod)

Sora: Someone's coming.

(Up ahead, through the hazy air, Master Xehanort walks toward them, a dark 
glint in his eye. He bares his teeth)

Master Xehanort: Legend has it that darkness once covered the world. We know 
so little about the Keyblade War--only that it was just the beginning. If 
ruin brings about creation, what, then, would another Keyblade War bring? 
When the darkness falls, will we be found worthy of the precious light the 
legend speaks of?

(Ansem, Seeker of Darkness appears to his right)

Ansem: Or will all of creation be instead returned to the shadows? Today, we 
will recreate the legend and see.

(Xemnas appears to Xehanort's left)

Xemnas: But first... Your light shines far too brightly. It must be 
extinguished in order for the truth to be seen.

(Vanitas and Young Xehanort appear in front of them)

Vanitas: Only when your hopes have been broken by battle upon battle can the 
key be claimed to Kingdom Hearts.

Young Xehanort: And break you is what we shall do. It has been etched.

(Darkness eminates from the five of them and consumes the landscape. 
Heartless begin falling from the heavens in massive numbers, joined by 
Nobodies and the Unversed)

Sora: Look at how many there are!

(Donald, Goofy, Kairi and Axel show faces of concern and Mickey summons 
his Keyblade)

Mickey: Okay, gang. Get ready!

(Everyone summons their weapons and dives into the fray until the battle-
field is cleared of the numerous enemies and Sora, Donald and Goofy stand 
alone)

Goofy: Everybody else has gone on ahead.

Donald: We gotta move!

(They walk through a long crevice, catching up to the others at the edge 
of a wide, barren field)

Mickey: Is everybody okay?

(Axel gives a thumbs-up)

Sora: C'mon, let's go.

(Aqua and Ven nod before something up ahead catches Ven's attention. As 
the haze clears, Ven sees...)

Ventus: Terra!

(Ventus runs toward him)

Aqua: Ven!

(Ven grabs Terra's wrist)

Ventus (joyfully): Terra! We found you!

(Aqua catches up and looks into Terra's eyes)

Aqua: Terra, please say you're in there.

(Terra's eyes move only slightly and Aqua pulls Ven away from him as the 
others catch up)

Ventus: What gives, Aqua?

Aqua: I know that you're not him.

(Ven eyes grow wide)

Aqua: Now, let our friend go!

(Terra smiles and closes his eyes. They watch as his hair turns white, 
steeling themselves for another battle. He opens his yellow eyes: Terra-
Xehanort)

Mickey: He IS their thirteenth.

(He brims with the power of darkness)

Terra-Xehanort: Today is the day you all lose.

Aqua: What?!

Terra-Xehanort: Before you even face the thirteen, every last one of you 
will be torn heart from body. But fear not.

(He summons his Keyblade)

Terra-Xehanort: The Chi-blade will still be forged.

Sora: We're not gonna lose to you.

(Xehanort moves quick as lightning, while Aqua paralyzes, and strikes Ven 
full blast with the Keyblade. Ven crashes to the ground, unmoving, and 
Xehanort smirks to himself. Aqua stares at Ven's fallen body)

Aqua: Ven!

Sora: That's it!

(Sora summons his Keyblade and runs to strike Xehanort, but the man stops 
his Keyblade just inches from his hand with a Gravity spell. Try as he 
might, Sora can't move the blade in any direction. Xehanort widens his 
fingers, knocking Sora away. He turns his attention to Kairi, but Axel moves 
to cover her, and Xehanort knocks him through a boulder)

Kairi: Axel!

(Xehanort raises his blade and Sora gets up, rushing toward her)

Mickey: No! Sora!

(Donald and Goofy run after him as Sora grabs hold of Kairi, covering her. 
Xehanort brings his blade down, slamming into Goofy's protective shield. 
They both go flying in opposite directions. Donald focuses and a magic 
circle appears underneath him. King Mickey's mouth drops and Goofy lands on 
the ground)

Goofy: Donald, don't!

Donald: Zettaflare!

(An incredibly powerful burst of energy explodes from Donald's magic wand, 
enveloping Xehanort and casting him away. Sora smiles once the flare dies 
down, but the wand falls from Donald's hand and he collapses to the ground. 
Sora stands frozen as Mickey, Goofy, Kairi, Riku, and Aqua run over to 
their fallen companions)

Aqua: Ven...

(Sora is stunned)

Sora: This can't be real.

(A dark pool emerges from the ground, frothing with malice, as the Demon 
Tide erupts from within. Sora stands still as it swirls in the air. Riku 
turns toward Sora, grabbing his shoulder)

Riku: Pull it together, Sora! We haven't lost them. They still have their 
hearts. But we have to protect them.

Sora: Right!

(Aqua walks up to them as the swirling mass of Heartless grows more violent)

Aqua: We stand together.

(Sora and Riku nod. The three run forward and summon their Keyblades. Aqua 
turns back to the others)

Aqua: Mickey, Kairi, Goofy, watch the others.

Mickey: No, we should all get to safety, while we still can.

Riku: It's too late for that.

(From different corners of the Graveyard, more Demon Tides arrive and merge 
with the spinning swarm before then becoming a massive tornado of Heartless. 
They stare, wide-eyed at this monstrosity, power in a scale they've never 
faced before. From within, Aqua sees something that terrifies her)

Aqua: It can't be... No...

(She lowers her Keyblade as the despair settles in and before anyone can 
react, the Demon Tide strikes her down)

Riku: Aqua!

(The squirming evil sweeps along the ground, carrying Ventus, Kairi and 
Axel away. Goofy and Mickey are helpless to stop the tide and are lost 
among them as well. Sora reaches out to Kairi and she does the same as she 
is pulled back into the raging cyclone by the Demon Tide. Sora drops the 
Keyblade, falling to his knees, and screams at the top of his lungs, 
overcome with grief as Riku rushes to his side)

Riku: Sora!

Sora: They're gone. Kairi, Donald... Goofy, the King... Gone forever.

(Tears well up in his eyes)

Sora: What do we do?

(Riku is at a loss for words)

Sora: Without them...I... All my strength came from them. They gave me all 
of it. Alone, I'm worthless.

(His tears fall to the ground)

Sora: We've lost... It's over.

(As Sora cries, Riku resists the urge to let him continue. He clenches his 
fist and stands up)

Riku: Sora, you don't believe that. I know you don't.

(Riku walks forward as the Demon Tide swirls closer. He plants his foot on 
the ground and raises his Keyblade, shielding Sora. As the Tide approaches, 
he slams his blade into the swarm, the force of the wind blowing through 
their clothes. He rages against the force of the Tide, his body blackening 
as Sora watches. Even with all of his strength, the Heartless overtake him 
and proceed to wash over Sora. And so, as foretold, darkness prevailed, and 
light expired...)

Boy in Black: Checkmate.

(The Boy in White scans the chessboard)

Boy in Black (smiling): And so darkness prevails, and light expires. You 
need a new strategy.

Boy in White: My move, isn't it?

(The Boy in Black scans the board and the Boy in White lifts his final white 
piece)

Boy in Black: Huh?

(The Boy in White places it on the far edge of the board)

Boy in White: It's not over.

Boy in Black: C'mon. That's not fair. I know I had you.

Boy in White: Yes, you nearly did. But, a game's no fun if you know where 
it's going. There's more to light than meets the eye. I told you.

(Behind the single white piece carrying a crown token, seven more white 
pieces appear on the board and the boy smiles)

Boy in White: Some light comes from the past.

(On an endless sea and sky stretching onward to infinity, a light shines 
onto the transparent body of Sora. Sora opens his eyes and sits up, taking 
stock of the world he finds himself in. He stands, the water splashing 
beneath his feet paired with no other sound at all)

Sora: Where am I?

(He wanders the bright expanse, searching for answers)

????????: Can't stay away, now, can you?

(He looks around for the source of the voice)

Sora: Hello?

(A tiny light sparkles down in front of him, making an odd mewling sound, 
it reaches down to the water, which ripples as if something had set its 
feet down on it. There is a bright flash, causing Sora to shield his eyes 
as a small cat wearing a cape and a coin purse appears in front of him)

????????: The name's Chirithy. And this is The Final World.

Sora: I'm Sora. What's the..."Final World"?

Chirithy: There's nothing else beyond this. You've wandered here more than 
once before on your visits to the Station of Awakening, buuut...I let that 
slide. The edges of sleep and death touch, and one can't help the occasional 
crossover.

Sora: Wait, "death"?

Chirithy: Yes. The natural end for those whose hearts and bodies perish 
together. But some persist, and arrive here.

Sora: My heart and body perished? Um, does that mean...

Chirithy: Something is holding you here--refusing to let you go. You're 
hanging by a thread.

Sora: What about my friends?

Chirithy: I'm afraid that no one else arrived with you. And if they're not 
here, they're either gone forever, or they're clinging to the world you 
came from.

Sora: I'm going back!

(He summons his Keyblade and starts to leave in a rush)

Chirithy: Whoa, whoa! How exactly?

(He turns back)

Chirithy: You can't just wander out like your other visits.

Sora: What?

Chirithy: I told you. The other times you came here by your own choice. This 
time is very different. To become your old self again and return to the 
real world, you'll have to piece yourself back together in this world first.

Sora: Agh! Why am I in pieces?!

Chirithy: What? No, not literally, of course. You're conceptually in pieces. 
On the inside, who knows, but on the outside you're just fine.

(Sora dispels the Keyblade)

Sora: Oh, okay. You kinda freaked me out there!

(He puts his hands behind his head casually)

Chirithy: Oh boy...

(Chirithy shakes it off)

Chirithy: Usually, only a heart can reach The Final World. But since you've 
clearly managed to retain some kind of form, that can only mean your body 
was cast into this world as well.

Sora: Okay, so...then if I can find my body, that means I'll be able to go 
back?

Chirithy: Precisely. But there's a lot of you to find. You're going to be 
busy.

(Chirithy vanishes in a burst of light and Phantom Soras appear, wandering 
around the endless expanse)

Sora: These must be pieces of me.

(Once Sora has collected the wandering Phantom Soras, a portal appears and 
the top of his body has begun fading in again. He sees a strange glimmer 
in the midst of the never-ending sky and approaches it. It sparkles fading 
in and out in the shape of a star)

Sora: Hello?

Star: Good day.

Sora: Oh cool! You can talk.

Star: You look like a person. How is it that you retain your appearance? 
Are you special?

(Sora looks himself over, unsure what to say)

Sora: Umm... I'm a little hazy on the details.

Star: As are we all.

Sora: So whose heart are you?

Star: No one's anymore. They took away my name--everything about me.

Sora: No way. They couldn't have taken away your heart.

Star: Only because it pines for another.

Sora: Yeah? Someone's coming for you?

Star: I cannot be certain. He's been changed beyond recognition--his heart 
replaced with another's. But, were he to regain his old self again, he would 
be distressed by my absence. So I choose to wait here, where he can find me.

Sora: Good. You have to believe.

Star: Believe? Oh, you mean know in my heart he will return? Without any 
proof?

Sora: Exactly, BELIEVE. I thought it was all over for me, but a friend of 
mine looked me in the eye and said, "You don't believe that."

(She gives a tender laugh and Sora smiles)

Sora: So, uh...who did this to you? Heartless steal hearts, so...a Nobody?

Star: A...somebody.

Sora: Really? Hmm... Well, I wish I could help...but my situation's no better.

(He sits down, his eyes to the sky)

Star: You must see to the tasks before you first.

Sora: The tasks before me? (chuckles) There's so many.

Star: All the more reason for you to make an effort.

Sora: Yeah. You're right. I just wish I knew what to do.

Star: Here you are on the brink, and yet you hold on to who you are. You 
possess a strong sense of purpose. And in that purpose you will find 
direction.

Sora (smiling): Thank you. I'm really glad we met. You cheer me up. I 
hope that friend of yours finds you soon.

Star: Thank you. Me too.

Sora: Oh, hey. If I see him, I'll tell him that you're here. What's his name?

(The Star whispers into Sora's ear and surprise shows on his face)

Sora: Huh?

Star: Our secret.

(He looks around before standing up again. Soon after, Sora finds more 
glittering stars floating in the abyss, each telling a different story)

Star 2: I found myself here, lighter than before. Unburdened. All my pain 
and responsibility, gone. But something in this new ease keeps catching 
at the corners of my mind. Is it all right for me to be here like this? 
There is a faint memory. A sound. Others may have found it grating, but it 
warmed my heart. That crying... I have to find it. Embrace it. The sweet 
weight I carried. My dear, beloved burden.

Star 3: Whoever said love and hate are two sides of the same coin is a liar. 
The second our eyes would meet, we were at each others' throats, every 
time. The idea of us as friends is laughable. I'm finally my own here, and 
what a relief! Just...not as big a relief as I'd thought. It's weird. 
Something's just...missing. Ugh, is that how this works? Did I keep going 
back for another fight just so we could spend the time together? Maybe it's 
not as simple as "like" or "hate." The heart's a complex thing. Wonder if 
he feels this lonely, too... Takes two to have a fight, after all.

Star 4: We were always together. Practically joined at the hip. We'd wear 
the same clothes, eat the same food, go the same places. We were an 
identical pair--like walking alongside a mirror. So why is it just me here 
now? There's this...this feeling. Calling to me. Pulling at me. And now I 
share it. Feel it as my own. We are always together.

Star 5: "I have nothing left to teach you." I had thought those words would 
make him happy, but it was sorrow that clouded his face. I had shared all I 
know, my every technique. What more did he seek from me? I never heard the 
answer. Time passed on, and...here we are. But now, since we've parted, I 
think I understand. He wanted the same thing I did. This wasn't just about 
passing on knowledge. It was a communion. A connecting of hearts.

Star 6: I kept telling everyone we were just friends, but he crept into my 
head. Into my heart. It started to feel weird being together. I stepped 
back, and he never stepped in to close the distance. I wonder how he saw 
it. Wonder how he feels. ...What's this emotion, filling me? It's over-
powering. It's him. I have to respond. I have to tell him how I really feel.

Star 7: Did I matter? What I ever there at all? I thought I'd found my 
place, surrounded by people I trusted. But look there. I'm gone, yet they 
go on meeting up just the same. Hm? The table's set wrong. There are too 
many glasses... Oh. Added a new member, have they? That didn't take long. 
That was my seat. That was MY place at the table. Their glasses clink 
against the newcomer's, one after the next. No, this is not my place. Maybe 
it never was.

Star 8: We spent so many years together. A lifetime. It wasn't all sunshine 
and rainbows, of course. We had our share of troubles. Sorrows, too. But 
all of it is dear to me now, every minute we had. We got to experience so 
much. I have no regrets. At least, that's what I thought. Special occasions 
may stand out, but there's nothing so precious as the quiet days between 
them. That's what a life is, really...

Star 9: I was defeated. That was supposed to be it. I'd just...fade away. 
Yet a part of me remains. But why? I have no regrets. No reason to cling to 
this life. I turn these questions over in my head again and again, and 
again and again I remember. Our clash. The feeling of exhilaration. Of 
pleasure. I can see his face clearly in my mind. He wore the same grin as 
mine. I would dearly love to cross blades with him again...

Star 10: After long years of service, my one regret is that I must pass on 
before my master. I suspect he will not notice my absense. I doubt he so 
much as knew my name. Yet how, then, can I explain this sight? The artworks 
that I was tasked with tending now bear a thin layer of dust. It seems he 
expressly commanded that none of the remaining staff take up my work. What 
can that mean, save that he saw me not as one among many, but as an 
individual? That he feels my absence. Grieves for me. I am awash with 
gratitude at the thought of it. I must do all that I can to reciprocate...
Star 11: Oh, good. If you're speaking to me, I suppose I must exist. I feel 
a consciousness, or memories, perhaps. Feelings. They pass through my mind 
one after the next, but none of it feels real. And that was fine. I'd 
resigned myself to simple forget. To let it all slip away. But there was 
one piece I couldn't let go of--a fragment I couldn't forget. Maybe that 
sliver of memory is what's kept me here this whole time...

Star 12: That's strange. I'm running and running, but I can't get to Papa. 
Oh! This is hide-and-seek! I love hide-and-seek! I"m going to find Papa. 
He'll be so proud. Hmm... I can't find him. I give up, Papa! Come out! Come 
out! ...I've looked so hard for him. Isn't he looking for me? Wait, that's 
Papa's voice. I hear his voice! It's that light! I understand, now. I just 
have to run toward that light!

Star 13: Sora?

Sora: Yes?

Star 13: It's me, Namin.

Sora: Namin?

Namin: I'm so glad that you managed to hold on to who you are.

Sora: Why are you here?

Namin: I was in Kairi's heart, but then we were struck by a powerful 
darkness...and I woke up here.

Sora: And Kairi?

Namin: I can feel her heart. She's fighting with all her strength to keep 
you from fading away.

Sora: So, the reason I retained my form in this place...

Namin: It's because she's holding you together. Go to her.

Sora: I'm trying. But, what about you? I can't just leave you stuck here.

Namin: It's okay. Really. Kairi is where I came from. So, once she's safe 
again, Kairi is where I'll return.

Sora: Namin, I know that I'm supposed to thank you. The datascape doesn't 
count. I need to say the words myself. But...not like this. You and Roxas 
can't tell me you're okay with this. I know how much you're hurting. I...
felt that pain through Roxas.

Namin: He's the one they all miss. It's...not me.

Sora: Wrong. What about me, Kairi, Donald, Goofy? The King! Roxas too, he 
misses you! And someone else special I know won't let you down.

(Even without a form, Namin smiles)

Namin: Sora. Thank you.

Sora: Well, then I'm gonna go save Kairi so at least you'll be free of this 
place. Okay?

(He turns)

Namin: Oh, wait!

Sora: Huh?

Namin: While sifting through memories, I spoke to Terra, the Keyblade 
Wielder you've been looking for. He has a strong will, and it keeps him 
tethered to the realm of light. I'll try tracing that connection. Maybe 
that'll be enough to tip the scales in the other direction.

Sora: Huh?

Namin: Umm... Let's just say I've got your back?

Sora: That part of you--it reminds me of Kairi. Thanks, Namin. (realizing) 
Oh! That's not the official thank-you!

(She gives a small laugh)

Namin: Uh-huh.

Sora: Well, see ya!

(He leaves)

Namin: Be careful.

(Sora enters the portal, ending up on a labyrinth of crystalline stone. As 
his foot touches a cube in the ground, the ground shakes and he almost 
loses his balance. Sora nervously runs forward reaching a second cube, 
which causes pillars to rise around and below him. He sees more Phantom 
Soras running, walking, dancing, jumping, swimming all around the crystal 
structure, defying the natural laws of gravity)

Sora: What a weird place.

(Sora rides a rail of light over to another pillar and strikes at a floating 
cube, causing the crystal structure to shift)

Sora: What's going on?!

(The platform rotates underneath Sora, granting him access to more of the 
structure)

Sora: I gotta put myself back together. There's no time to waste.

(He begins gathering more pieces of himself, more of his body regaining 
its opaque form)

Sora: Almost there.

(The structure shifts suddenly, and he falls off and strangely falls toward 
the structure again, where another portal appears. He activates it, stepping 
back into the expanse of sea and sky. He looks his recollected self over 
before hearing that odd mewling sound again, signaling Chirithy's 
reappearance. The cat materializes in midair and lands on the water slightly 
off-balance)

Chirithy: I see that you found them all.

Sora: Yup!

Chirithy: Then, isn't it time that you left?

(The cat points away from him and Sora crosses his arms)

Sora: Oh, thanks.

Chirithy: What? I'm doing you a big favor here, you know. Don't push it.

Sora: Hey, Chirithy. You still look like you, right? Would you like me to 
help you find YOUR pieces?

Chirithy: Oh, I don't work like that.

Sora: So, like...you're waiting for someone to rescue you?

Chirithy: Mmm...sort of?

Sora: Well, tell me who! I'll find 'em.

(He chuckles, holding a hand to his ear)

Chirithy: Uh, no no no no, that's okay. He doesn't remember the past. 
Besides, I'm sure that he's much happier with his new friends. But I'll 
wait. He'll arrive here one day.

Sora: Okay...

(He leans down)

Sora: I'll be back to visit you.

Chirithy: What?!

Sora: You and me are friends now.

Chirithy: Really? I've missed having friends.

(Sora smiles and stands back up)

Sora: Well, see ya 'round! And thanks!

(Chirithy watches him go and is puzzled when he stops in his tracks)

Sora: Umm... Could I get a hint how to save the others?

(He turns back, smiling sheepishly)

Chirithy: Seriously? Are you a Keyblade wielder, or aren't you? Haven't 
you already learned how to restore someone's heart after it's been lost?

Sora: Restore their hearts? Is that the same thing as...the "power of 
waking"?

Chirithy: I'm not sure, but...give it a shot?

Sora: No. This'll take all my heart. Okay.

(He turns around and summons the Keyblade. He holds it in front of him and 
a Keyhole appears on the reflective water. Energy gathers at the end of the 
blade and there is a flash of light. The floor shatters, revealing a gate 
with a brilliant beam of light shining up into the sky) 

Chirithy: Look for the light in the darkness!

(Sora gives Chirithy a small smile before entering the light)

Chirithy: May your heart be your guiding key.

(Sora returns to his weakest moment)

Riku: Sora, you don't believe that. I know you don't.

(Riku walks forward as the Demon Tide swirls closer. He plants his foot on 
the ground and raises his Keyblade, shielding Sora. As the Tide approaches, 
he slams his blade into the swarm, the force of the wind blowing through 
their clothes. He rages against the force of the Tide, his body blackening 
as Sora watches. Even with all of his strength, the Heartless overtake him 
and proceed to wash over Sora. Sora floats in the abyss as streaks of light 
pass over him. He awakens, seeing the light ahead of him)

Sora: Riku!

(He reaches toward the light)

Sora: Riku! Answer me!

(The light grows brighter as he flies closer. Soaring into the light, he 
finds himself in familiar territory)

Sora: This is Herc's world. Is Riku here?

(Sora ascends the golden stairs warily)

Sora: There's nobody here.

Jiminy: Gee, I'm here!

(Jiminy Cricket pops out of Sora's hood and into his hand)

Sora: Jiminy! You're okay!

Jiminy: Well, "okay" might be a stretch, but what are we waitin' for? We 
need to find the others!

(Sora smiles down at him)

Sora: Right!

(Sora proceeds into the Courtyard, finding a transparent comatose Riku 
floating above a massive golden sacrificial tripod)

Sora: Riku!

(Sora rushes toward him and a swirling cloud of darkness appears above 
Riku. It coalesces into a Heartless holding a large staff and trailing 
chains beneath it: The Lich. It gazes down at Riku with its glowing yellow 
eyes, holding out a hand over his body. Riku's heart appears over him and 
the Lich encircles it with chains to Sora's horror. The heart vanishes and 
the Lich floats toward the Corridors. Sora pursues the Lich through the 
archway, finding a group of Shadow and Neoshadow Heartless in the way)

Jiminy: Forget the small fry! We gotta go after the one in charge.

(Sora blasts through them and races to the Cloud Ridge, more Heartless 
appearing before him)

Jiminy: We'll never stop 'em all. Leave 'em, Sora. We gotta keep going!

(The Lich flies into a dark portal and Sora follows. It takes him up to the 
Apex where the Lich waits. The Heartless shoots fireballs at Sora, but he 
dodges and pummels the Lich until Riku's heart flies out of him. The chains 
shatter and the Lich escapes through the portal once more)

Sora: Hey! Wait!

(The heart floats away into the air and Jiminy appears)

Jiminy: There's no need to worry, Sora. He'll return to the place he fell, 
like you did. We gotta focus on rescuing the others.

Sora: Okay!

(Sora and Jiminy follow the Lich through the portal. They find themselves 
floating in starlit space with six portals beneath them)

Jiminy: That scoundrel musta fled into one of those pools of shadow that're 
down below us.

Sora: Where do they lead?

Jiminy: Well, I think they might be portals to other worlds.

Sora: Okay! Maybe that's where we'll find the others.

Jiminy: If we hurry!

(Sora falls through a portal and finds himself in the Caribbean aboard a 
damaged pirate ship. The Lich chains Aqua's heart and attacks Sora with 
bullets of water. Sora dodges the attack and the Lich summons Vaporflies 
which hone in on Sora. As Sora fights the Vaporflies, the Lich creates 
images of itself. Sora strikes down a Vaporfly as one of the mirages 
explodes near him, sending him flying. He shakes it off and strikes back 
at the Lich until it gives up Aqua's heart. The heart floats away and the 
Lich escapes again)

Sora: Hold still!

(Following the Lich, Sora falls through space again)

Jiminy: We oughta search every portal the shadows control.

(Sora falls into the portal leading to Arendelle. He arrives in the Middle 
Tier of the Labyrinth of Ice where the Lich captures Goofy's heart. The 
Heartless summons multiple Winterhorns, while floating out of reach. 
Ignoring the Winterhorns, Sora locks onto the Lich, storing up projectiles 
to release, but is caught off guard when the floor buckles and he is struck 
by an ice pillar shooting up out of the floor. After returning to his feet, 
he attacks the Winterhorns only to be hit by an ice spell from the Lich, 
which freezes him momentarily. Once free, he knocks the Lich around until 
it relinquishes Goofy's heart. It retreats again into the portal)

Sora (angrily): Enough!

(Following the Heartless again, Sora finds himself in the Lobby of Monsters, 
Inc., where the Lich takes control of Donald's heart. It then releases a 
6-fold fire attack, but Sora blocks them by spinning the Keyblade. After a 
few minutes of fighting, Donald's heart is also freed and the Lich escapes)

Sora: Stop that!

(Sora follows it)

Jiminy: Let's try another portal. Aim for the ones wrapped in shadows!

(Sora falls through the portal leading to Galaxy Toys, where Ven's heart is 
taken by the Lich. The Heartless raises its arms, summoning Marionettes 
around the large central gumball machine. While Sora is focused on the 
smaller Heartless, the Lich's staff erupts with electricity. It aims several 
disc-shaped bolts of lightning at Sora, but he knocks a stuffed patchwork 
animal in the way to block most of the attack. Sora whacks the Lich with the 
Keyblade until it falls back and Ven's heart floats out of the empty heart 
in its chest, its chains falling away. The heart floats out of reach and 
the Lich returns to the portal once more)

Sora: Hey!

(Entering the portal again, Sora descends to an entrance to the Marshes in 
the Kingdom of Corona, where the Lich floats over King Mickey's body. The 
Heartless chains the mouse's heart and summons a group of Flutterings. This 
time ignoring the smaller Heartless and going straight for the Lich, Sora 
gets a few hits in before it teleports away, leaving a mirage in its wake. 
Dodging the inevitable explosion afterward, Sora rushes to the Lich, but is 
knocked back by a whirlwind that surrounds the deathly Heartless. Sora 
strikes back with a Thunder spell, sending bolts of lighting against the 
Lich, breaking the whirlwind. With the path clear, Sora strikes the Lich 
until it releases Mickey's heart and ducks back into the portal)

Sora: Hey, stop!

(Sora rushes into the portal, seeing one remaining gateway)

Jiminy: That's the last one! He must be hiding in there!

(Sora soars into the gate, landing on the streets of San Fransokyo where 
the Lich takes control of Axel's heart. The Lich sends Sora flying in the 
air with another wind spell, but he recovers only to be hit by a group of 
fireballs. Sora falls to the ground, where the Lich summons an army of 
Neoshadows. The Keyblade wielder dashes to a free-standing light pole and 
spins around it, using the momentum to leap up at the Lich. Unrelenting, he 
strikes the Lich until it stops moving, and dispels the Keyblade. The 
Heartless brims with darkness and fades away, letting go of Axel's heart. 
It floats away into the night sky. Sora walks through the city streets with 
Jiminy on his shoulder)

Jiminy: Well, Sora, I'd say we've been to every world that we can visit.

Sora: But we're one short. Where's Kairi's heart?

Jiminy: Gee, I wish I knew.

(A corridor of darkness opens in front of them and Young Xehanort walks 
through)

Sora: You!

Young Xehanort: All that gallivanting through the Sleeping Worlds, and yet 
you learned nothing.

Sora: What?

Young Xehanort: Dream by dream, you nearly buried yourself in the dark of 
sleep. And now you're at it again? The Lich you've been fighting--it's not 
like other Heartless. 

(Young Xehanort walks closer and Jiminy hides)

Young Xehanort: It exists to usher hearts down to the depths of darkness. If 
you chase it, you will condemn your heart to that same abyss.

(Young Xehanort points toward Sora, but he holds a hand to his heart)

Sora: You're wrong. My heart is strong.

Young Xehanort: What do you think the power of waking is?

(He looks up to the sky)

Young Xehanort: It's for traversing hearts to reach worlds. Not for 
traversing worlds to reach hearts. There's a high price to pay for wielding 
such power foolishly.

(He turns away from Sora)

Sora: So what? You're worried about ME now?

Young Xehanort: No. There's no saving you.

(Sora gives a proud laugh)

Young Xehanort: You've paid the price. And it lies at the bottom of the abyss.

(Young Xehanort backs into the corridor of darkness, facing Sora)

Sora: Wait!

(Sora runs forward, but the corridor closes and Jiminy peaks out)

Jiminy: Sora!

(Sora realizes his phone is ringing in his pocket and he picks it up, Chip 
appearing on the screen)

Chip: Hurry, Sora! The way to the Keyblade Graveyard is open!

(Dale pushes Chip off-screen)

Dale: Chipper and I found a new path!

(Chip comes back into frame and nods. Jiminy gives a small laugh of happiness)

Sora: Of course! That's the one place we haven't checked yet!

Jiminy: Off we go!

(Sora again floats through the tunnel toward the light. He looks forward, 
seeing Kairi ahead of him, smiling)

Kairi: Sora.

Sora: Kairi!

(He floats closer to her, grabbing her hands in his)

Sora: I found you!

(She giggles and they fly through the tunnel together)

Kairi: You see? I had no doubts that you'd pull through.

Sora: The light in the darkness. It was you. You're the one who kept me 
from fading away.

Kairi: All I did was believe that you wouldn't.

(He smiles happily)

Sora: I feel strong with you, Kairi.

(She smiles to herself and grabs his hand)

Kairi: The others are ahead. Come on.

(They fly toward the light at the end of the tunnel and Sora remembers the 
powers of Rapunzel, Elsa, and Anna)

Kairi: I told you, Sora. You're safe with me.

(He grins)

Sora: Yeah.

(They fly into the light hand-in-hand until the world turns white. Not a 
second later, Sora feels the earth beneath his feet and they return to the 
Keyblade Graveyard)

Kairi: You okay?

Sora: Yeah. Thanks, Kairi.

(He looks around, seeing the rest of them safe and sound)

Sora: It DID work.

Donald: Of course!

Goofy: Now point us back at those guys!

Sora: Right!

(They proceed through the Badlands and return to the wide, barren field. As 
the haze clears, Ven sees...)

Ventus: Terra!

(Ventus runs toward him)

Aqua: Ven!

(Ven grabs Terra's wrist)

Ventus (joyfully): Terra! We found you!

(Aqua catches up and looks into Terra's eyes)

Aqua: Terra, please say you're in there.

(Terra's eyes move only slightly and Aqua pulls Ven away from him as the 
others catch up)

Ventus: What gives, Aqua?

Aqua: I know that you're not him.

(Ven eyes grow wide)

Aqua: Now, let our friend go!

(Terra smiles and closes his eyes. They watch as his hair turns white, 
steeling themselves for another battle. He opens his yellow eyes: Terra-
Xehanort)

Mickey: He IS their thirteenth.

(He brims with the power of darkness)

Terra-Xehanort: Today is the day you all lose.

Aqua: What?!

Terra-Xehanort: Before you even face the thirteen, every last one of you 
will be torn heart from body. But fear not.

(He summons his Keyblade)

Terra-Xehanort: The Chi-blade will still be forged.

Sora: We're not gonna lose to you.

(Xehanort, brimming with darkness, smirks before moving to strike. A large 
dust cloud erupts and Xehanort's blade is caught on something. He struggles 
against it, trying to focus his eyes through the haze. They widen when they 
see a familiar golden armor holding back his blade)

Terra-Xehanort: Who are you?

Lingering Will: Got you, Xehanort.

(The Lingering Will, Terra's lost armor, pushes back against Xehanort's 
blade, igniting sparks from the grinding metal. Xehanort leaps back and the 
group takes in what just occurred. Aqua and Ven recognize the armor)

Aqua: Terra?

Terra-Xehanort: This is impossible!

(Xehanort grits his teeth as the Lingering Will walks closer to him)

Lingering Will: How I've waited for this moment.

(Xehanort readies his blade once again and the Will transforms its Keyblade 
into a whip. It throws it forward, grabbing Xehanort's Keyblade and 
tightening its grip. Xehanort struggles against its pull before the 
Lingering Will swings him into the air. Xehanort releases the Keyblade from 
his hand and, spiraling in the air, aims his body toward the Lingering Will. 
The armor reins in the whip and changes its Keyblade into a gigantic cannon. 
It clicks into place and spins, gathering energy, blasting Xehanort back 
with a giant beam. Xehanort shouts but survives, summoning his Keyblade. The 
Will runs toward him, reverting its Keyblade again, and leaps up at 
Xehanort, attempting to strike, but is knocked back at every turn. It 
lurches forward with a physical punch, but Xehanort leaps away in time. 
The Will pushes forth in the air, attacking again with its Keyblade as Ven 
watches)

Ventus: Terra!

(Ventus moves to help him, but Aqua holds him back)

Aqua: No, Ven!

Ventus: But--

(She turns, directing his attention)

Aqua: Them first.

(Behind them, a multitude of flying Heartless approach from the sky, while 
even more storm in through the crevice they left behind. The group steels 
themselves and the ground quakes, a great pool of darkness opening up from 
the center of the field, where a Demon Tide snakes its way through. Sora 
summons his Keyblade as Aqua and Ventus rush ahead of him)

Aqua: We'll hold off the others.

Sora: Okay. We've got this!

(The Demon Tide whirls before them as the valley is quickly overrun by 
Heartless, Nobodies and Unversed. The swirling mass of Shadows uses its 
ability to swim through the ground to fight against Sora, Donald and Goofy. 
Thought they manage to knock a great number of Shadows from the snake of an 
enemy, its size was not letting up. After a strong beating, it slams into 
the center of the field, darkness pooling out in all directions, before the 
Demon Tide resurges as a glowing orange core from within equally orange 
tendrils. A large dark wind swirls around the orb becoming a tornado of 
Heartless as the tendril retreat into the ground. Spinning faster, the 
tornado sweeps over the land, striking Sora and the others. After a couple 
successful strikes from the Keyblade, the whirlwind dies down slowly and 
the core turns purple. The core then shoots out of the whirlwind toward the 
group sinking into the ground. The Demon Tide releases several more cores 
in succession in an attempt to strike down the trio, with more bouncing out 
of the ground alone, to the point of almost overwhelming them. Once the 
Demon Tide had exhausted its source of dark cores, the whirlwind returns to 
full power)

Goofy: I know what to do, Sora!

(Sora leaps on top of Goofy, balancing on his shield, before Goofy pushes 
off from the ground. With both of them in the air, Sora swings Goofy around)

Sora: Go get 'em!

(Using the momentum of the swing, Sora slams Goofy toward the Demon Tide, 
where he strikes it full force with his shield. The wind dies down as the 
core eminates a black aura and the Heartless caught up in the wind fall to 
the ground)

Sora: C'mon...

(Seemingly from out of thin air, the core stretches into its snake-like 
form gathering even more Shadow Heartless and spinning at a faster, more 
enraged pace)

Goofy: Something's wrong.

Donald: Look out!

(The Heartless in the air, acting of their own accord, are gradually pulled 
into the swirling storm of the Demon Tide. The snake-like mass bursts forth 
and snatches up more Heartless and Nobodies that are on the ground, 
including a Rock Troll that was facing down Riku and Mickey. Multiple Demon 
Tides combine their efforts until the cyclone towers over the group, an 
endless cancerous darkness)

Goofy: What now?

Donald: Sora?

(The sight, while overwhelming and terrifying as it once was, fills Sora 
with determination)

Sora: I'll stop it!

(He rushes forward)

Donald & Goofy: Sora!

(A Demon Tide bursts from the cyclone toward him, but he knocks the core 
away with his Keyblade and continues his assault. He leaps into the air just 
meters from more encroaching Demon Tides, almost reaching the cyclone, when 
a flash of light fills his vision as he raises his Keyblade. Sora shields 
his eyes until they adjust to the light, when he sees a boy with curly 
silver hair and a red scarf. The boy turns to face him, smiling kindly 
through his blue eyes)

???????: Need some help?

Sora: Huh?

(Sora is released from the light, landing back on the ground as a spectacle 
occurs around them. Keyblades from across time and space fly through the 
air, sailing over each and every one of them. They fly along a guided path 
past Sora, who gathers speed, before jumping atop the wave of blades. The 
wave wraps around the cyclone, Sora riding past the rocky cliffs, until he 
sails into the eye of the storm. Inside the massive maelstrom two Demon 
Tides slam toward him, but they are quickly dispelled by five more Keyblades 
that spin around Sora)

Sora: What is THIS?

(The wave of Keyblades glow in unison, and the five surrounding Sora 
assemble ahead, projecting the image of a five-pointed star. It shines 
brightly, dispersing into thousands of smaller stars, twinkling down on 
him. He holds a hand over his heart, hearing their call)

Sora: All right. Let's go!

(He sails up to the pinnacle of the storm and lets loose a power thousand-
fold. Shining golden Keyblades of all shapes and sizes and colors belonging 
to this mysterious legion release into the maelstrom, fighting off the tide 
of Heartless in a seemingly endless wave)

Sora: Now's our chance!

(They sail further into the dark whirling mass to the enormous orange core 
and continue their assault. The core throws all it has toward them, but is 
unable to fight against the torrent of incalculable Keyblades and the storm 
grows weaker until the sky returns to view. The outer layers of the core 
sparkle in a dazzling explosion)

Sora: We're almost finished!

(He cartwheels in the air, holding out his hands as the same five-pointed 
star appears before him)

Sora: And...now!

(He brings his Keyblade back to release the final blow as stars and blade 
whirl around him. The other guardians of light watch in awe from below, 
Donald leaping into the air in celebration and Kairi holding her hands over 
her heart. The swirling arrow of light gathers energy and Sora thrusts his 
Keyblade forward in a gleaming shot, striking cleanly through the orb of 
darkness suspended above the ground. Electricity crackles around it as the 
core shrinks into itself before bursting in a fantastic explosion of light. 
Sora lands back on the ground, looking up at the sky, where the immense 
multitude of Keyblades spin in the air. They close in on themselves into a 
golden orb, before releasing their light in a spherical shattering of 
sparkles. Sora smiles)

Riku: Sora!

(Sora turns at the sound of his friend's voice to see his friends rush over 
to him)

Riku: Are you okay?

Sora: Yeah.

Mickey: What WAS that?

Aqua: Keyblade wielders...from long ago.

Ventus: It's the light of the past.

(Kairi and Axel marvel at the sight before Kairi sees a figure moving 
through the haze)

Kairi: Look!

(The figure carries a sword over his shoulder)

Axel: Just send out the Big Bad.

(Riku is surprised to see...himself walking toward them. He grits his teeth 
at the sight of Dark Riku, who chuckles evilly, no longer wearing the cloak)

Riku: You!

Mickey: The Organization's been using hearts. Ones Xehanort got to in the 
past and has influence over. So, that must be you from when Ansem had 
control of YOUR heart.

Riku: Yeah. How could I forget?

(Dark Riku laughs)

Dark Riku (smiling): I'd say that was our finest hour.

Riku: Wrong. My hour of weakness.

Dark Riku: You sure?

(He raises the Soul Eater)

Dark Riku: How about we find out?!

(He pulses with darkness and a gigantic dark figure emerges from him, 
peering down at them behind glowing yellow eyes. It towers over them, 
reaching out with its big great arms, tongues of dark flame licking its 
entire body)

Dark Riku: A real test for the Mark of Mastery!

Riku: What did you say?!

Xigbar: We gotta make sure you're not blundering your way toward a second 
failure.

(Xigbar appears from within the darkness behind Dark Riku and smiles, Aqua 
and Ventus recognizing his face)

Axel: Blundering? I'll have you know we failed with style, chief.

Xigbar: At least you admit it. Well, if you guardians think you brought the 
goods, you'll have to prove it to the old guy one last time.

(The bald head of Master Xehanort is clear from the towering figure of 
darkness. Xigbar turns, placing a hand on Dark Riku's shoulder)

Xigbar: Kid, take it away.

(Xigbar walks back into the darkness and Dark Riku gives a small laugh 
before coursing with raw energy. The dark figure of Master Xehanort leering 
over them covers them with darkness as Demon Towers emerge, surrounding 
them. Dark Riku fades away as the sky turns a deep purple)

Sora: THIS again?

(The group summons their weapons and the first Demon Tower heads straight 
for Sora. He slices through it as Shadows rain down from the purple clouds 
above. Riku strikes one down as the Heartless numbers grow, splitting the 
group up. Riku finds his back to Mickey's)

Mickey: This isn't good.

(Ventus strikes down a Shadow from behind Aqua)

Aqua: Form up! Now!

(The group forms a circle with the Shadows encroaching around them. Mickey 
assesses the situation as Donald strikes a Heartless down behind him and 
more fall around them. Sadness comes to the king's face as he makes his 
decision, raising his Star Cluster Keyblade high. Riku grasps Mickey's 
Keyblade much to his surprise. He looks up at Riku, who shakes his head)

Riku: If you try to use time magic against these numbers, you won't have 
enough strength for the final battle.

(As the Heartless horde grows thicker around them, Goofy knocks another 
back while Sora blocks an attacking one with his Keyblade. Ventus and Aqua 
show signs of concern and Axel takes one down with his Flame Liberator 
Keyblade. Mickey lowers the blade sadly and Aqua takes out another nearing 
Heartless)

Aqua: I'll try and break through. Everyone, get ready!

(She spins and defeats another Shadow)

Ventus: Alone? That's crazy! I'll help!

(Kairi strikes one down)

Kairi: Two is no better.

(Axel takes one out)

Axel: Yeah, splitting up's a bad idea!

(Knocking a few more away, he swings the Keyblade over his shoulder as more 
keep falling from the sky)

Goofy: There's way too many!

(A large group of Shadows form a squirming mass, rising up before them)

Donald (panicking): We're finished!

(Sora grits his teeth as the mass of Shadows hones in on them. Suddenly, 
the clouds part as a light shoots through the sky, landing amidst the horde 
of Heartless. They shield their eyes from the massive burst of light and 
wind, eliminating a large number of Heartless surrounding them. Through the 
dying of the light, they make out a tall figure dressed in blue)

Sora, Donald, Goofy & Mickey: Master Yen Sid!

(The sorcerer facing the Heartless opens his eyes with a glare. Magic erupts 
from his fingertips and he closes his hands together. Raising them high, he 
shields the group with massive walls of magic between them and the 
Heartless, and summons a massive tunnel to guide them further through the 
Keyblade Graveyard)

Yen Sid: Go, my young champions. I will hold them all here for as long as 
I can.

Mickey: We're not gonna leave you behind!

(Donald and Goofy exchange a nod, rushing behind Yen Sid and raising their 
weapons)

Donald: You guys go on!

Goofy: Me and Donald will stay here. The two of us'll back up Master Yen Sid!

Sora: Donald... Goofy...

(They nod to him)

Donald (smiling): You're a whole pint by yourself, Sora.

Goofy: Don't worry. We'll catch up with ya in just a bit!

(Sora swallows his fear)

Sora: Okay!

Mickey: We'll regroup later.

(As the tunnel fades, Yen Sid sends out another wave of magic, reopening it 
again)

Yen Sid: Make haste!

(The Seven Guardians of Light nod to the sorcerer and run through the 
tunnel. They step out onto the fated battlegrounds, where innumerous 
Keyblades lay where their masters fell. Barely a sound is heard as they 
step toward the center of the crossroads. Looking ahead, the Real Organi-
zation XIII has come to play. They step forward, once again cloaked, in 
the shape of a 'V' with Master Xehanort as its apex until meeting them at 
the crossroads)

Master Xehanort: Today, we join these other wielders and leave our mark on 
fate. I have waited patiently...but together, we shall unlock the Keyblade 
War's secrets.

(He smiles darkly through his yellow eyes and summons his Keyblade)

Master Xehanort: Now we forge it. The ultimate key...

(He raises his blade-with-no-name above his head, grasping the hilt with 
both hands)

Master Xehanort: The Chi-blade!

(He turns the blade to face downward, gathering energy in its teeth, and 
shoves it into the ground. Dark fire erupts from the earth in a similar 'V' 
shape before the XIII. Lines appear on the ground in peculiar angles, almost 
like a blueprint and the earth quakes. Keyblades fall from their dusty 
graves as giant pillars of rock and stone emerge from the ground, etched 
with markings and symbols long forgotten. The pillars and archways surround 
the Seven Guardians as another rises from beneath the twelve cloaks, raising 
them up as silhouettes against the clouded sun. Master Xehanort is perched 
upon a growing mountain behind them. The Guardians of Light scan their 
surroundings, a labyrinth bearing the name The Skein of Severance)

Sora: Here we go.

(They nod and run ahead as Master Xehanort smiles to himself, light and 
darkness clashing at last. Sora crosses the Trail of Valediction and finds 
Riku fighting Xigbar, Dark Riku, and Ansem. Riku and his dark doppelgnger 
clash blades while Ansem watches them. They struggle for a moment, metal 
against metal, before Riku pushes him back and knocks the Soul Eater away. 
He spins in attempt to strike Dark Riku, but he dodges backwards. Xigbar 
leaps into the air behind him, almost catching Riku off-guard and aims his 
arrowguns at Riku. Riku dodge rolls to the side just in time as a number of 
pink light arrows shoot into the ground. Xigbar lands on the ground and he 
and Dark Riku face Riku down just as Sora runs in)

Sora: Riku!

Riku: Sora!

(Sora summons his Keyblade and they nod to each other)

Riku: I will be your oblivion.

(Ansem teleports near Sora as Riku heads toward Dark Riku)

Ansem: Desist!

(Ansem summons a protective barrier as he floats in the air. Sora dodges to 
avoid the piercing laser beams. Once the barrier falls, Sora attacks Ansem, 
who summons a group of dark orbs around him. They aim at Sora and the lasers 
hit their target)

Xigbar: R for reload!

(Xigbar reloads his arrowguns as Dark Riku shoots a Dark Firaga spell at 
Riku. Keeping Riku distracted, he hangs upside down in the air and aims his 
arrows toward him, nearly missing as Riku knocks Dark Riku down. Ansem lands 
softly on the ground, holding his arms to his chest, before expelling a 
great wave of darkness that courses through the ground, scaling the walls of 
the labyrinth. He rises back into the air without a word)

Riku: Wait!

(Riku rushes toward him, leaping upward)

Riku: Ansem!

Dark Riku: Where are YOU going?

(Dark Riku leaps up alongside him and kicks him in the face. He falls to 
the ground, his Keyblade clattering against the hard surface. Ansem turns 
and smirks, vanishing away as Sora runs over to his friend)

Sora: Riku!

(Xigbar cocks his arrowgun, pointing it directly at Riku. It catches Sora's 
eye and he is able to deflect the light arrows with his Keyblade, covering 
the fallen Riku. He glares at Xigbar, who smiles back at him, placing his 
right arrowgun cockily on his shoulder)

Xigbar: Hey, let's speed it up! Keep the line moving!

(Dark Riku walks up next to him and Riku gets to his feet again, picking up 
his weapon. Xigbar and Dark Riku go after the obvious weaker target, Riku, 
while Sora attacks the teleporting freeshooter from his spot in the air)

Xigbar: Hey, watch it!

(Xigbar teleports away and Dark Riku sends a cascade of energy bolts across 
the ground. Sora dodges most of them before tag-teaming with Riku. Dark 
Riku leaps over the battlefield, sticking his sword into the ground. With 
each leap, the energy from the sword jumps from the ground and hones in on 
Sora and Riku. They attempt to catch him, but he is fast and unpredictable)

Xigbar: Let's make it interesting!

(While Sora and Riku take on Dark Riku, Xigbar teleports to the center of 
the field, enveloped by a dark aura. He combines his arrowguns into one 
large bow and aims it at the sky. The energy arrow flies into the air and a 
dark rift opens. Sora and Riku attempt to deflect the dark arrow storm that 
rains down from the rift, but there are simply too many of them. Sora forces 
Xigbar to stop the storm of arrows by a quick blow to the head just as Riku 
takes down his dark doppelganger)

Dark Riku: But why?

(Darkness rises from his body as if saying a final goodbye. Dark Riku 
hunches over, defeated. He looks down at the traces of darkness on his own 
hand)

Dark Riku: You're not...real...

(He clenches his fist)

Riku: Huh?

Dark Riku: I'm...the real one...

Riku: Aren't you my past self? From when Ansem possessed me?

(The Riku Replica floats out of Riku's body, glowing with an ethereal light. 
He places a hand on Riku's shoulder)

Riku Replica: No, you beat Ansem and you're still here. This guy...is me!

(The Riku Replica flies straight toward Dark Riku's body, grabbing onto his 
heart. With a final scream, Dark Riku falls comatose, the black cloak 
returning to his body as his last vestiges of darkness seep out)

Riku Replica: I knew it. It's a replica. A soon-to-be empty vessel. I've 
been waiting for a chance like this.

(He sails into the replica's body, plucking Dark Riku's heart from inside 
it. He floats out of the dark eruption, carrying the lifeless body of Dark 
Riku. The face of the replica changes to bare white, like a mannequin, and 
it sinks to the ground before Riku)

Riku: Hey! What are you doing? Take the vessel!

Riku Replica: No. 

(He turns back to Riku)

Riku Replica: The world already has you. There's someone else who needs the 
replica more. You know who I mean.

Riku: Namin. You're saving her.

(The Riku Replica remembers his promise with Namin and smiles)

Riku Replica: Good luck.

(The two replicas burst into a glowing conflagration, light and dark flames 
twisting on each other and floating into the sky)

Xigbar: So... This is your power.

(Darkness leeches off of him rising to the heavens like a foul stench. 
Xigbar falls to his knees with a weak smile)

Xigbar: Figures.

(He looks down at the arrowguns in his hand)

Xigbar: If I had a Keyblade, it'd be different...

Sora: Like YOU'RE actually worthy to use one.

Xigbar: Oh, I AM worthy.

(He smiles cunningly)

Sora: Whaddaya mean?

(Xigbar stabs his arrowgun into the ground and pushes on it with his upper 
body, helping him to stand)

Xigbar: The old coot promised to bequeath me his. Why else do you think I 
would ever put up with all his nonsense?

Riku: It'd be wasted on you.

Xigbar: As if.

(He wobbles backwards into a corridor of darkness, leaving his arrowguns 
behind and reappears on the top of the south wall. He smirks at Sora and 
Riku down on the ground, stepping backwards on the ledge. Sora reaches out 
his hand helplessly as Xigbar falls back off the ledge. They stand there 
stunned and the arrowguns fade away. The last of darkness that covered the 
field gradually ebbs away as Riku shows Sora the empty replica)

Sora: Is that a replica, for Namin?

(Riku nods)

Riku: Yeah. Wish we could help her now. But first...

(He looks over at Sora)

Sora: I know.

Riku: I'm going after Ansem.

Sora: Okay. I'll go help the others.

(They nod to each other and Riku leaves. In another open area of the 
labyrinth, Mickey whirls his head around, scanning for his foes. Luxord and 
Larxene teleport in on either side of him. They both smirk, tossing their 
knives and cards at him, but he leaps into the air. Marluxia jumps up behind 
the king, raising his scythe. With a swift slice forward, Marluxia's petals 
flurrying in the air, Mickey somersaults backwards, landing safely on the 
ground. He faces Xemnas and the other three appear between them)

Sora: Your Majesty!

(Mickey turns, seeing Sora run toward him, Keyblade slung over his shoulder)

Mickey: Sora!

(Seeing his arrival, Xemnas rises into the air, conjuring energy in his 
fists. He slams them together and with a flash of light, surrounds himself 
in black thorns that snake out around the field, encircling the group)

Mickey: Sora, come on!

(Larxene leaps towards them with a vicious cackle, sending bolts of bright 
lightning crackling into the ground. Mickey goes after Luxord while Marluxia 
paces around the scene. At a standoff, Xemnas smiles down at them, holding 
out his hand. He releases a gray wind with black and white thorns in 
Luxord's direction. Power surges through Luxord, and Xemnas retracts his 
thorns from the battlefield. He smirks, vanishing away)

Sora: Xemnas!

(Luxord walks up to Sora and Mickey with a cackle. He holds up a card, 
revealing four more cards with a flourish, which give off a red hue)

Luxord: Exactly what I needed.

(He scatters his cards in all directions. Surrounding the battlefield, the 
cards grow to human-size and the Gambler of Fate sneakily pulls another card 
between two fingers)

Mickey: Sora, look out!

(Luxord tosses the card and Mickey jumps in front of Sora, knocking the 
card back. Its face is marked with an X. Luxord smiles as the card freezes 
in midair, engaging a gravity trap which pulls Mickey inside. Mickey appears 
on the face of the card surrounded by pink and black thorns. The card flies 
back to Luxord, who catches it)

Sora: No!

(Luxord motions with his hand and the jumbo cards spin clockwise around the 
field)

Luxord: Sora, one final game. The rules are simple. All you have to do to 
win is find me among these cards and strike me down.

(He taps his chest and snaps his fingers. With a flash, he disappears 
before Sora's eyes. Sora looks to the cards that have stopped spinning 
around him. Marluxia aims his scythe at Sora and he and Larxene give a 
small laugh, readying their weapons)

Sora: Don't worry. I'll get you out!

(Sora dodges Larxene's first attack but isn't fast enough to avoid 
Marluxia's giant scythe)

Luxord: Live dangerously, Sora.

(Sora strikes one of the large cards, but it disintegrates into smoke)

Luxord: Too bad!

(Marluxia knocks Sora back and teleports away)

Luxord: Where'd I go?

(Sora runs toward another card, but Larxene intervenes)

Larxene: I will break you!

(Larxene slashes at Sora with the long knives between her fingers. He dodge-
steps backwards with each strike and Marluxia appears behind him. Reacting 
quickly, Sora jumps just as Marluxia swings his scythe, avoiding the attack, 
and somersaults in the air, bringing the Keyblade down on Larxene)

Luxord: Over here!

(Sora whirls around in the direction of Luxord's voice and takes out the 
nearest card, revealing the gambler)

Luxord: Impressive!

(Sora bashes him with the Keyblade before he flips to the back of a card 
and disappears in another flash)

Luxord: It's more fun when you beat the odds.

(The cards swirl around the battlefield before settling into position again)

Luxord: Look closely.

Marluxia: Fall!

(Marluxia teleports near Sora, but misses with his scythe, as Sora dodge 
rolls away from Larxene's lightning)

Marluxia: Stop playing!

Larxene: Yeah, yeah...

(Sora notices one of the cards wobbling slightly and attacks, revealing 
Luxord again)

Luxord: Good!

(Sora attacks Luxord until he folds, the darkness twisting off of him like 
the threads of fate. Luxord stumbles backwards, his cards falling to the 
ground. He catches himself at his knees before Sora)

Luxord: You were born for these sorts of games.

(He smirks and draws a final card, tossing it to Sora. He catches it and 
looks puzzled)

Sora: What's this?

Luxord: A wild card. You've earned it. Hang on to it.

(He winces)

Luxord: Could turn the tables.

(He starts to fade away)

Sora: Play ya again someday, when we're just guys.

(Sora smiles and Luxord gives a small laugh)

Luxord: I should like that very much, Sora.

(Luxord vanishes, leaving behind a single card, which glows pink. It shines 
brighter as Mickey leaps out of it)

Mickey: Thanks.

(Sora gives the King a thumbs-up and the two face down the remaining two foes)

Marluxia: I'll take this.

(Marluxia motions with his hands and pulses with dark energy. Using his 
scythe, he spins like a wheel through the battlefield, glowing pink and 
black. Sora and Mickey dodge and weave his unrelenting attack while also 
keeping an eye on Larxene and her boundless lightning energy)

Marluxia: It's time to finish him!

(Marluxia strikes the center of the field, enveloping the ground in a pool 
of darkness. Petals emerge and launch Sora into the air. Mickey strikes 
Marluxia as Larxene attempts to toss her knives at him. With the King 
keeping both of their attention, Sora falls from the sky, knocking the 
scythe from Marluxia's hands)

Marluxia: So this is...your heart.

(The scythe clatters to the ground with a great ring before fading into 
petals on the wind as the last traces of Xehanort's influence leave 
Marluxia. He grunts, falling to his knees, his pink hair strewn about his 
face. He looks down at his hands, small traces of darkness fading from his 
gloved fingers)

Marluxia: Oh... So, NOW it all comes back to me.

(He places a hand to his face, laughing)

Sora: Hey. Is that a real laugh?

(Marluxia drops his hand, looking directly at Sora, almost smiling)

Marluxia: Yes... My heart is remembering how to feel.

Sora: Really? That's good.

Marluxia: And now, I am on the cusp of reclaiming my identity... My purpose 
for being... Thanks to you, Sora.

(He vanishes with a smile)

Larxene: It's time for you to go!

(She swipes at Sora with her knives, but he blocks. She backflips away from 
him and tosses her knives in an arc, leaving sparks lingering on the ground. 
Mickey jumps at her from behind, but she ignites pillars of lighting around 
her, striking him down. She cackles, turning into a bolt of lightning that 
zips around the battlefield. Sora leaps away from her attacks, but she is 
too fast, emerging only to strike at him with her electric claws)

Larxene: You're mine!

(Larxene leaps high into the air, slamming down at the ground, sending bolts 
of lightning skyward around the arena. Having exhausted her move of 
desperation, Sora and Mickey face off from opposite sides of her. For all 
her speed, even she can't see behind her, as the two coordinate, draining 
the last recesses of her strength)

Larxene: Ugh... no way...

(The darkness climbs high above and away, fading into the sky from the solid 
figure that is Larxene. She breathes heavy through gritted teeth, looking 
down at herself)

Larxene: Are you kidding?

(Her eyes turn from annoyance to something else... Regret? She looks toward 
Sora, with that dumb smile of his)

Sora: You're gonna be recompleted.

Larxene (grunting): I didn't ask you for your garbage opinion. I lost! To a 
bunch of losers like you!

(She pauses after her outburst, sinking lower to the ground)

Larxene: But...could be worse.

(She looks skyward)

Larxene: Become that geezer's heart tank? No thanks.

(She watches the dark traces fly away from her)

Sora: Then why help him?

(She scoffs, turning her nose at him)

Larxene: I was really just along for the ride.

Sora: With...?

(She opens an eye and peers at him, eyebrow raised. She sighs, her 
disposition softening. She wags a finger at him playfully)

Larxene: My secret.

(She smirks as the last vestiges of darkness wipe her away. Sora dispels 
his Keyblade as Mickey walks over)

Mickey: Sora, I'll go after Xemnas, while you go find the others.

(The nod at each other and the mouse scurries away)

Sora: The sun's going down...

(Sora follows the open hallway of the labyrinth, discovering a colored rune 
set in the stone. He steps upon it and a large wall opens in front of him)

Sora: So, these panels in the floor are switches for the doors!

(Matching the colored panels to the correct doorways, Sora makes his way to 
the Twist of Isolation. Aqua lands back on her feet and blocks as Terra-
Xehanort swipes forward with his Keyblade. She strikes at him, but he 
knocks the blade away, performing his own attack, forcing her to leap 
backwards and away from him. She lands on one knee, looking up to see 
Vanitas knock Ventus back next to her. Ven grits his teeth as Vanitas lands 
next to Terra-Xehanort, sneering from under his black helmet)

Sora: Aqua! Ven!

(They turn to see Sora enter)

Aqua & Ven: Sora.

(He nods to each of them in turn and the battle begins)

Vanitas: Well, that's better. I was hoping to have company.

Aqua (to Xehanort): You will release my friend's heart!

(Aqua bolts toward Terra-Xehanort and strikes him, a swirl of energy 
shining upwards and knocking him back. Sora attacks Vanitas as Ventus 
tosses his Keyblade toward his darker half. It spins through the air, 
hitting him multiple times. Vanitas blocks with his Keyblade, aiming it at 
Aqua)

Vanitas: Perish!

(A fireball erupts from the blade, splitting into three homing fireballs, 
which hit their mark. Sora rushes Terra-Xehanort while Aqua gets back up, 
leaving Ventus to Vanitas)

Terra-Xehanort: Come on!

(Xehanort exchanges blows with Sora before teleporting away)

Terra-Xehanort: Over here!

(He barrels through Sora, ferociously slicing with his Keyblade, leaving a 
burst of darkness in his wake. Ventus attacks Vanitas, but his image freezes)

Vanitas: Annoying!

(Without warning, Vanitas tears through the mirage, striking Ventus in 
retaliation)

Vanitas: Let's go!

(Vanitas leaps into the air as a large mass of Keyblades swarm over the 
battlefield. He lands on the flowing spiral of blades as Aqua and Xehanort 
square off)

Vanitas: Dodge this!

(Vanitas sends a barrage of ice shards toward Sora and Ventus before 
barreling toward them. They dodge away from the attack)

Vanitas: You're nothing!

(He surrounds himself with the Keyblades, sending volleys at Sora. Sora 
dodges away from them until Vanitas runs out of blades. Suddenly, Vanitas 
teleports above Sora, knocking him away. Terra-Xehanort, on the offensive, 
pummels Aqua with strike after strike, but with each she dodges. At the 
crest of his attack, he sends an X-shaped projectile at her, but Ventus 
intercepts, reflecting it toward Vanitas and knocking him to the ground)

Vanitas (gravely): I need the rest of me!

(Darkness is drawn from Vanitas as poison is drawn from a wound, his 
connection to Xehanort severed. Cracks form in his helmet and shards of 
black glass fall revealing dark, spiky hair and a familiar face. Sora gasps 
and Vanitas stares at him through a yellow eye)

Sora (blinking): Your face...!

Vanitas: I'm the piece of Ventus that was taken away. And you're the piece 
Ventus needed to be whole again. So...why shouldn't you and I look exactly 
the same? You define me, Sora, the same way that Ventus does. We are 
brothers who, together, make a greater whole.

Sora: Then why won't you stand by our side? Instead of with darkness?

Vanitas: Because I AM darkness. And I do stand by your side. I'm the shadow 
that you cast. How much closer could I be?

(He smiles)

Sora: But I didn--

Ventus: But I didn't ask for this.

(Ventus holds out an arm in front of Sora)

Ventus: To be sifted apart, nice and neat. We should be free to choose. Not 
just light...

(He points to himself, and then to Vanitas)

Ventus: ...not just darkness. WE decide what we are.

Vanitas: But... Ventus, I DID decide who I am. You see?

Ventus: And what you are is darkness?

(Vanitas begins to fade)

Vanitas: What I am is darkness.

(They stare at each other, unbent for a moment)

Ventus (conceding): Okay.

Sora: How is that okay? Vanitas!

(His body begins to break apart, but he smiles to himself)

Terra-Xehanort: Dark times ahead!

(The field erupts with swirling energy and Xehanort's dark shadow emerges 
from behind him)

Terra-Xehanort: Don't let him escape.

(The Dark Figure slams into the ground, knocking Sora and Ventus off-
balance, as the wind around them starts to blow. It spins faster around the 
arena, pulling Aqua and the others into the center, struggling against the 
whipping air as numerous bolts of lightning strike around them)

Terra-Xehanort: Break him!

(Unable to escape, the Dark Figure slashes at them with his claws. Aqua and 
Ventus are sent flying into the lightning and the Dark Figure teleports 
above Sora, slamming him down into the ground. The Dark Figure phases into 
the ground, creating a pool of darkness as Sora gets back to his feet. Out 
of the ground emerge purple spikes before the Dark Figure shoots back up, 
knocking Ventus off kilter. Individually, they attempt to distract Xehanort 
while another moves in for a strike. From his Keyblade, he emits dark 
projectiles which grow in number, but are sent back toward him with a 
powerful Reflega spell)

Terra-Xehanort: What...? How?

(Xehanort's darkness is wrenched away from him, and he falls to the ground. 
Aqua and Ventus dispel their Keyblades, as does Sora)

Aqua & Ven: Terra!

(They run past Sora and kneel over him, pulling him up to a kneeled position)

Terra: Aqua... Ven...

Aqua: Terra, please...

(Terra grunts in pain)

Ventus: Come back... Terra!

(Terra clutches his head, burying his fingers in his white hair)

Sora: Terra! Your friends are here!

(Suddenly, Terra screams and chains of darkness ensnare Ventus, Aqua and 
Sora, suspending them in the air)

Aqua: Terra!

Ventus: Terra!

(They struggle against the chains as Terra and Xehanort vie for control)

Sora: You have to fight the darkness!

(Terra stands, smiling from under his hand)

Terra-Xehanort: You'll never be able to break these chains. They're OUR BONDS.

(He reaches out and swings Aqua and Ven around)

Terra-Xehanort: You have no power over me!

(He whips them up and down, cackling while Sora watches helplessly)

Sora: Stop, Terra!

(Xehanort ignores him, continuing to toss the two around)

Sora: Please, stop it!

(Xehanort laughs evilly, Aqua and Ven having gone silent. He raises them 
up in front of him. They hardly move a muscle)

Terra-Xehanort: Farewell.

(The chains rattle as he lifts the two of them higher, prepared to drop them)

Sora: No!

(Xehanort smiles and tears fall from Ven's eyes)

Ventus (barely a whisper): Terra... I kept my promise.

(Xehanort releases them and the two sink toward the ground, directed by 
the mad conductor's own arms. From behind Xehanort, the Dark Figure flies 
ahead, catching both Ventus and Aqua, and clutching the chains in its fist. 
It whirls to face Xehanort, who looks behind him, finding himself absent a 
shadow. He glares at the Dark Figure, who crushes the chains in its fist. 
They shatter around Sora, who drops to the ground as the Figure sets Aqua 
and Ven down gently)

Terra-Xehanort: How?!

(It looks over at Xehanort)

Terra-Xehanort: You fell to the dark--

(Xehanort attempts to summon his Keyblade, but a slap from behind distracts 
him, as the Dark Figure suddenly appears next to him, grabbing him by the 
face. Xehanort grabs at its great hand, attempting to claw it off of him. 
The Dark Figure reaches for the bandages covering its toothed mouth. With 
some effort, it tears them apart, freeing its jaw. It releases an 
anticipated exhale and attempts to speak)

Dark Figure: One day...I...will...set...this...right...

(It holds Xehanort out in front of him by his head, where he struggles. The 
Dark Figure repeats his speech)

Dark Figure: One day...I will set...this right... I will return to this 
land...

(From between its fingers, Xehanort's eye widens)

Terra: ...and protect...my friends!

(The heart-shaped hole in the center of the Dark Figure sparks with light, 
signaling Sora to summon his Keyblade. He aims it at Xehanort)

Sora: Terra! Now!

(A beam of light erupts from the Keyblade, striking Xehanort fully in the 
back as the Dark Figure releases his grip on him. The heart inside bursts 
from its chest and the Dark Figure dissolves as the heart flies into Terra's 
body. Light spreads out in waves in all directions, growing brighter. Terra 
lands on his feet, finally free of Xehanort's control. He looks down at 
his hands, almost in disbelief. He turns, running back to Aqua and Ventus)

Terra: Aqua! Ven!

(Aqua sits up as Terra grabs Ven's body)

Aqua: Terra... Is it you?

(He smiles warmly at her)

Terra: Yeah. You never stopped lighting my way back.

(She begins to cry and Ven stirs, looking up at him)

Ventus: You're here...

Terra: I heard you too, Ven. 

(Tears well up in his eyes)

Terra: You found me, just like you promised.

(The three of them nestle closely, crying together)

Terra: Thank you.

(Sora smiles at the three friends reunited)

Sora: Aqua and Ventus need rest. Terra, look after them.

(They stand and Sora turns to go)

Ventus: No, Sora. I'm going too.

(He steps forward, but stumbles, and Sora turns back around)

Sora: That's what he wants. For us to make a mistake. Put ourselves in 
danger.

Aqua: Sora, go. We'll catch up with you.

(Terra nods)

Sora: Right. I got this.

(Sora continues through the labyrinth. Meanwhile, Kairi and Axel are 
fighting Sax and a smaller figure who remains hooded. They swing at Kairi, 
their Keyblades clashing. Kairi dodges backwards, but the figure pursues 
her, knocking her away. The figure continues the pursuit when Axel rushes 
them, blocking with his Keyblade. He knocks them away, when Sax rushes 
him, their weapons clashing against each other. A blue burst of energy 
beneath their standoff forces Axel to leap away)

Sora: Kairi! Axel!

(Sora runs in)

Kairi: Sora!

(Axel and Kairi smile at his arrival as the hooded figure takes a running 
leap at Axel. Their blades clash, knocking them both back. Axel lands on 
his feet next to Sora and Kairi)

Axel: Nice to see ya.

(They face down their foes)

Sax: The moon shines down!

(Sax raises his Claymore, glowing a bright blue, entering a berserk state. 
He hovers in the air and slams his weapon against the ground, creating a 
wave of blue energy. The hooded figure, now also wielding a Claymore, 
follows his lead, almost copying his movements exactly. Kairi, following 
their movements, goes after the smaller one, while Axel strikes Sax with 
his Keyblade. Sora takes over, knocking Sax back, as Axel transforms his 
Keyblade into his red and white chakrams and flings them at Sax. The hooded 
enemy teleports away from Kairi and pummels Sora with a Keyblade, flinging 
him into the air. Switching at the apex, they slam him back down to the 
ground with their Claymore)

Sax: I call on the moon's pale light.

Axel: STOP IT! JUST STOP!

(Axel strikes at Sax, but he is fixed in a trance. Sax rises into the air, 
glowing with blue energy. His Claymore floating behind him, he flings his 
arms wide. Grabbing the Claymore, he swings it down toward Sora and Kairi, 
tossing them to the ground. The blue aura pulsing through him, he runs at 
the two on the ground)

Axel: Stop it! Isa!

(Axel jumps between them, seeing the great X-shaped scar on Sax's face wide 
open, his eyes glowing yellow and void of emotion. Axel raises his blade as 
Sax strikes it, knocking him back a foot. Axel falls to his knees and Sax 
raises his Claymore high over him. Axel scowls at the face of his former 
friend as Xemnas suddenly appears behind him. Axel glares at his former 
leader, who walks towards him)

Axel: Xemnas...

Xemnas: There was a time when I trusted you to deal with traitors. And now, 
your betrayal outstrips them all. What final words do you have for your 
superior?

Axel: Well, let me think about it. How about, "You were never my superior."

Xemnas: Ah, ever the rogue pawn. Knocked from the board early in the game. 
Utterly useless and forgotten.

Axel: You kidding? Do you know how popular I am? I got loads of people 
rootin' for me. Sorry, boss. No one axes Axel. Got it memorized?

(He points to his head with a smirk before leaping forward. He raises his 
fiery Keyblade and Xemnas catches it in his hand without flinching)

Xemnas: Is this supposed to be a Keyblade? Or is it some sort of joke?

(A black thorn slithers from Xemnas's cloak and whips Axel back, chipping 
the Keyblade into disintegrating flames. Axel catches himself on his feet 
and energy bolts crackle around Xemnas's clenched fist. He lashes his arms 
out wide, leaving a trail of energy. Thorns surround the battlefield and 
they are surrounded by a million points of light. Out of the circular 
darkness, the ethereal blades strike Axel one at a time. He grunts through 
the pain, unable to move, as Sax, still in his berserk state, watches from 
behind Xemnas. Axel falls to his knees again as Xemnas conjures a single 
ethereal blade from the palm of his right hand and walks toward him)

Xemnas: Our plans have been dashed by you...far more times than I care to 
count. Now it ends. I will purge that light in you...

(As he reaches Axel, the blade hums quietly)

Xemnas: ...with darkness!

(As Xemnas shoves his palm forward, a gloved hand suddenly grabs the blade, 
sparing Axel. Xemnas peers over at them through narrow eyes)

Xemnas: Changing sides again?

????: We need him alive. You know that.

(The hooded figure speaks with the voice of a girl)

Xemnas: We only need his heart in order to forge the key. We do not need his 
soul. Oh...

(He dispels his ethereal blade, looking down at her)

Xemnas: ...but that's right. You were "friends." Then...YOU take his life.

(She stands in front of Axel, who looks up at her)

Axel: Who...ARE you...?

(She aims her Keyblade at him, the teeth of the blade just inches from his 
face, but hesitates. She shakes off the feeling, regaining her composure for 
just a moment, as Sora walks up to her, lowering her weapon with his hand)

Sora: Don't do this.

(She gasps at the sight of his face, emotion rushing into her, and turns 
her face away. He knocks Sora's hand away and strikes him with her Keyblade. 
He counters with his, blocking her continued strikes)

Sora: Wait...

(She shrieks with a final blow from her Keyblade, pushing against Sora's as 
tears well up in his eyes)

Sora: It's all right! You can stop now!

(She pauses)

Sora: It's all right... Xion.

(She begins to sob, dropping the Keyblade and grabbing her head. She turns 
away from him in tristesse. Xemnas appears before her, peering down with 
disappointment)

Xemnas: Useless puppet.

(He kicks her into Sora, knocking the hood and the tears from Xion's face, 
revealing her black hair. With a sudden rush to Axel's head, he gasps)

Axel: Xion!

(Xion lands on the ground and Xemnas stands over her, summoning his blade 
once again. Feeling a weight on his leg, he peers down to see Axel grabbing 
his boot)

Xemnas: Your Keyblade is no more. And still you think you can play at being 
a guardian of light?

(He knocks Axel's hands from his boot and steps on them for good measure)

Xemnas: You can wait your turn...also-ran.

(Xemnas raises the blade and points it at Xion. Axel reaches toward her 
helplessly and Sora begins to glow as a heart floats out of his chest. There 
is a twinkle in the sky before a beam of light shoots down toward Xemnas. 
Spotting it from the corner of his eye, he leaps away as it strikes the 
ground, sending up a cloud of dirt. Xemnas's blade vanishes as he catches 
himself. A figure in the haze stands, facing Xemnas)

?????: Hands off my friends.

(Xemnas gasps at the sound of his voice, but stands firm)

Xemnas: It cannot be!

(Axel and Xion look up to see the figure remove his hood and reveal the 
spiky blond hair of Roxas. Axel's eyes widen into a smile)

Axel: Roxas...

(Roxas turns his head toward Axel, reciprocating the smile)

Roxas: My turn.

(He stares down Xemnas as Axel and Xion return to their feet)

Xion: Roxas...

Xemnas: This is impossible. Where did you get a vessel?

Roxas: Same as you.

Xemnas: Same how...?

Roxas: Most of the Organization's members--they traveled here from the past 
as hearts. And you had replicas ready and waiting. One for each of them.

Xemnas: Who told you?

Roxas: I owe my return to many. Some of them people you knew.

Xemnas: Ansem the Wise. Zexion...

(He points the Oblivion Keyblade at Xemnas)

Roxas: And others, too. It seems you're not as good at winning over people's 
hearts as you think.

Xemnas: Ah, I see...

(Sora and Kairi join them)

Roxas: There was one last thing I needed in order for me to be whole again. 
A connection. Sora helped me find my way back here...to my friends.

Sora: Roxas.

(Roxas nods back to him)

Xemnas: I don't need hearts. I will scatter them all to the winds!

(He walks forward, and vanishes, catching them off-guard. He reappears 
behind Kairi and grabs her by the arm)

Sora: Kairi!

Kairi: Sora!

(She reaches for him)

Xemnas: What difference does one little light make? You have others.

(He points at Sora, holding Kairi's arm behind her head, her Keyblade still 
in her hand)

Xemnas: Just as we have more darknesses to replenish our ranks.

(Sora runs toward Xemnas, but he disappears into a corridor of darkness and 
Sax takes his place. Roxas runs up to Sora and they nod at each other. Axel 
stands, holding his arm and wincing. Xion holds an arm up in front of him)

Xion: Rest, Axel. Roxas will fight in your place. And I'll fight for Kairi.

Axel: Yeah... When it comes to Keyblades, you're the old hands.

(She nods at him, smiling, and joins Roxas and Sora)

Sax: No escape!

(Sax surrounds himself with several Claymores and slams them into the 
ground, creating blue shockwaves, that knock the three of them away from him)

Roxas: Take this!

(Roxas raises his Keyblades in front of him, forming a spiral and launching 
a beam of light toward Sax. He falls to the ground, knocked from his 
berserk state)

Sax: Abandon hope.

(Roxas and Xion exchange blows against him as Sora rushes forward. Sax 
lurches into the air, impervious to the pillars of light generated by Xion, 
and releases a shockwave through the air, sending Sora flying. Roxas lunges 
at Sax with his dual Keyblades just as Sax tosses a Claymore in Sora's 
direction. Rolling out of harm's way, Sora raises the Keyblade, sending a 
bolt of lightning, which strikes Sax down)

Sax: We still haven't achieved our goal...

(The darkness of Xehanort flees into the sky as shadows flee from moonlight. 
Sax plants his glowing Claymore into the ground, struggling to stand. The 
Claymore bursts into light blue flames which quickly extinguish, sending 
him to the rocky floor. He breathes heavily as Axel runs to him, intense 
concern on his face)

Sax: Why...so sad?

(Axel forces himself not to cry)

Axel: You let them reduce you to THIS?

Sax: I thought...you outgrew the marks under your eyes.

(Axel touches his face, surprised at the comment)

Axel: So?

Sax: You look...like you need them...

Axel: Stop it. The whole act. I thought this was all for her.

Sax: At first. I sacrificed everything to try and track her down. You're 
the one who went off and made other friends. Left her and me both in the 
dust. It infuriated me how you just exited our lives.

(He grunts, clutching his side, his blue hair hanging in his face. Axel 
runs to him)

Sax: I lost...all sense of purpose...

(Axel kneels beside him)

Axel: I didn't forget you.

Sax: Yes...I know. You wouldn't do that.

(He looks over at Roxas and Xion, sadness on their faces)

Sax: But... I was jealous.

Axel: You admit it.

Sax: Well, if I make it back...you won't get it out of me a second time.

(He tries to stand, but falls and Axel catches him. He begins to fade in 
Axel's arms)

Axel: See you, Isa.

Isa: See you, Lea.

(He closes his eyes and is no more. Axel looks over to them and stands as 
Sora runs to him)

Axel: You go help Kairi.

Sora (nodding): Right.

(Axel crosses his arms as Sora smiles at Roxas and Xion)

Sora: Gotta run! Good luck.

(Sora leaves the three of them together)

Axel (to himself): All right. What now?

(He turns to see Roxas next to him, and smiles. The two of them hear sobbing 
and focus their attention on Xion. Her arms folded, tears streaming from 
her eyes. Roxas runs up to her, concern on his face, and Axel scratches his 
head)

Axel: Guess I...shoulda brought some ice cream.

(Roxas smiles, looking back at him, and Xion does the same. Axel, unable to 
hold it in any longer, rushes the two of them into a warm embrace. The three 
of them cry tears of happiness in each other's arms. Sora proceeds further 
through the labyrinth)

Sora: It's night already?

(He reaches the Tower of Endings)

Sora: Riku! Your Majesty!

(He runs up to them)

Mickey: Sora!

Riku: About time.

Sora: Sorry!

(The ground shifts ahead, casting dirt into the air on a strong wind. Young 
Xehanort, Ansem and Xemnas appear ahead, walking toward them as Master 
Xehanort watches from a high tower of rock)

Sora (yelling): Xemnas! Where's Kairi?

(He runs ahead of Riku, readying his Keyblade)

Riku: Wait! Is she in trouble?

Sora: Yeah, Xemnas took her.

(Xemnas smirks, only fueling Sora's anger. Master Xehanort chuckles)

Master Xehanort: Settle down, boy.

Sora: It's Sora!

Master Xehanort: The thirteen darknesses and seven lights have clashed nine 
times, yielding these nine keys.

(He waves an arm with a wild glint in his eye. Out of thin air, nine 
Keyblades, identical to his unnamed weapon, hover around him)

Mickey: Keys?

Master Xehanort: We are four short... But those four keys will be produced 
here and now.

Sora: Yeah, sure. And what makes you think there'd ever be any way we'd 
help you with that?

Master Xehanort: You forget I plan for every eventuality.

Sora: Kairi!

(Riku steps forward)

Riku: If you do summon Kingdom Hearts, we will defeat you, and we will 
close it again.

(Master Xehanort smiles)

Master Xehanort: Perhaps. That is...if you survive that long!

(Ansem, Xemnas, and Young Xehanort ready themselves for battle)

Mickey: Sora, Riku, come on!

Riku: Go back to the shadows, Ansem!

(Mickey and Riku charge in as Young Xehanort transforms his Keyblade into 
a whip. Xemnas hangs back as Ansem summons a group of orbs that shoot lasers 
at Mickey. The King dodges as Young Xehanort goes after Riku, who uses a 
Dark Firaga spell, which scatters, homing in on the three foes. Several hit 
their target, before Young Xehanort blocks the rest. The three of them 
reel back and teleport in unison. Master Xehanort waves his hand and a 
snake-like swarm of fallen Keyblades flies through the battlefield, sending 
up dirt into the air. The Keyblades separate Sora from Mickey and Riku)

Sora: Riku! King Mickey!

(Throughout the swirling vortex around him, the swarm of blades attempt to 
strike Sora, but he dodges their attacks. Young Xehanort appears in the 
fray, casting a blue symbol onto the ground)

Young Xehanort: That's checkmate!

(He hits Sora with his long whip, causing his vision to cloud, and launches 
him in the air. Xemnas spins in, bashing him with his ethereal blades like 
spokes of a wheel. Ansem cackles loudly from amidst the area, erupting in a 
burst of dark tendrils)

Master Xehanort: How the wielders weep for you!

(The storm of Keyblades breaks through once again walloping Sora before the 
haze clears and he is reunited with Riku and Mickey. Young Xehanort shoots 
icicles at Sora as Xemnas strikes Mickey with his blades. Riku attempts an 
attack on Ansem, but he hovers far above the ground)

Xemnas: Burst!

(Xemnas releases four energy balls that hit the ground around Sora and 
enlarge, knocking him into the air. Ansem glows with a red aura)

Ansem: Surrender to it!

(Sora, Riku and Mickey feel a tug as they are pulled closer to Ansem as the 
red aura glows brighter. When they are within range, tendrils of darkness 
explode from his body)

Ansem: Desist!

(A protective barrier erupts around Ansem and he hovers menacingly near 
Sora, who is forced to dodge roll away. Mickey attacks Xemnas while Young 
Xehanort thrashes Riku with his whip. Ansem surrounds himself with dark 
mines, which crackle with red electricity)

Ansem: Embrace the dark!

(A dark shadow follows Sora along the ground and at Ansem's command a giant 
claw emerges, missing Sora by a spiky hair. Mickey keeps Young Xehanort at 
bay while Riku rushes Ansem until the usuper falls)

Ansem: I reach for...the darkness...!

(The final bell has rung for the self-proclaimed Seeker of Darkness. He 
clutches his chest as it is expunged from him. He hunches over, staring at 
his gloved hand, watching the small traces of darkness flicker away. Riku 
walks closer)

Riku: Ansem...

Ansem: What...a journey you and I have had...

Riku: You know, it's strange. I think I'm gonna miss you.

Ansem: Your strength is vaster than darkness. I knew I never stood a chance. 
Part of me wanted to defy my fate...but when the others betrayed us, I found 
I did not care. And then, nothing else seemed to matter anymore.

Sora: Ansem...

(He peers over at Sora)

Ansem: What? It is time to move on, boy...

(He begins to fade)

Ansem: There is more to seek...so go forth now, and seek it...

(He disappears into the aether. Sora looks over to Riku, who nods, and the 
battle continues. Xemnas hovers in a circular motion around Sora, conjuring 
up spheres of energy, which unleash a barrage of lasers that hone in on 
Sora. He manages to deflect most, but not all. Mickey aims a burst of light 
magic from his key at Xemnas, stopping his attack, as Young Xehanort strikes 
Riku with his whip. Electricity crackles in the palms of Xemnas's hands and 
he kicks Mickey in retaliation. Sora bashes him with his Keyblade, but cuts 
through him like air, and the image of Xemnas freezes. Suddenly, he spins 
toward Sora from his right, catching him off-guard. Leaving Young Xehanort 
for a moment, Riku changes his target to Xemnas and joins Mickey in a dual 
attack. Whirling through the air, they pummel the Superior of the In-Between 
with continuous spinning attacks)

Xemnas: What am I feeling?

(The great swirl of darkness pierces the sky above the Organization's 
Superior. He looks down at his hands, the darkness being licked clean off of 
them)

Xemnas: Bested...yet again...

Sora: I know that you have a heart. What do you feel? Was it worth it?

Xemnas: I feel...the emptiness where my companions once stood. I took them 
for granted. And now, I have...nothing. My first surge of emotion in years...
for as long as I can remember...and it's...loneliness. Do you see? A heart 
is just pain.

(He turns away from them)

Sora: Pain is being human, Xemnas.

(Xemnas smiles softly as he begins to fade)

Xemnas: Really? It must take...incredible strength...

(Xemnas vanishes from this world and they resume the battle with Young 
Xehanort)

Young Xehanort: Don't blink!

(He raises his arms, summoning diamond-shaped shards of ice which fly 
through the air towards Sora. Mickey attempts to intercept but Xehanort 
ensnares him with his whip. Sora quickly blocks the ice shards with his 
Keyblade as Riku knocks Xehanort back, freeing Mickey. With his associates 
down, the 3-on-1 struggle with Young Xehanort, even with his powers over 
time, is brief)

Young Xehanort: So this is where my role ends...

(The darkness lifts off of Young Xehanort as he falls to his knees. He laughs)

Sora: What's so funny?

Young Xehanort: I told you. There's a high price to pay for all of this.

Sora: And what price would that be?

(Xehanort stands back up)

Young Xehanort: I'll go back to my time, and live out my life. But Sora, 
you're done now.

(Sora is stunned)

Young Xehanort: Your journey ends here.

Sora: What?

(Young Xehanort begins to fade away)

Young Xehanort: Good-bye, Sora. Your time...in this world is--

(He vanishes to the winds before he can finish, leaving an unsettling 
silence. Three additional keys join the nine replicas encircling Master 
Xehanort)

Master Xehanort: Twelve keys we have now. Leaving just one more!

(He summons his Keyblade, raising it high. A blue orb appears from its tip, 
which he then launches into the clouded sky. The world ripples and a light 
peeks through the clouds, shining down on him)

Master Xehanort: Now, Sora. Darkness and light's final clash.

(The clouds swirl and part slowly. Sora gasps as Kairi floats up beside 
Master Xehanort, who laughs softly)

Sora: Kairi!

(Sora begins to run toward the pillar of rock)

Master Xehanort: You require motivation.

(Sora leaps onto the side of the pillar as Kairi's comatose body hovers in 
front of Master Xehanort. He reaches back with his blade and bludgeons her 
full on the back in one swift stroke. She glows pink and her form shatters, 
disappearing in a fracture of light)

Sora (screaming): Kairi!!!

(Unable to blink, Sora races atop the pillar swinging his Keyblade at Master 
Xehanort, who blocks with his own)

Sora (angrily): Why her?!

(Master Xehanort knocks him back and Mickey and Riku watch as Sora tumbles 
to the ground behind them. Tears fall from his eyes as he looks back up to 
Master Xehanort from the position on his knees)

Sora: Why?!

Master Xehanort: I have done it.

Riku: Xehanort!!!

(Riku rushes up the pillar just as Sora had done, but is held back by the 
thirteenth replica Keyblade which materializes in front of Master Xehanort 
and proceeds to swing him away as well. Riku screams, falling back down 
the pillar)

Mickey: You'll pay!

(Mickey jumps to the top of the pillar and aims his Keyblade at Master 
Xehanort)

Mickey: Ultima!

Master Xehanort: Stopza!

(Master Xehanort holds his hand out in front of him conjuring a dark wind. 
With magical runes surrounding them, the two spells collide, with Xehanort's 
sphere of stopped time growing to encompass Mickey and Riku. The blast of 
wind ripples through Sora's hair as he sees his friends frozen in place)

Sora: Your Majesty! Riku!

(Master Xehanort smirks as Sora moves to pursue him, but with only a few 
steps taken, is surprised by the replica Keyblade appearing behind him. It 
knocks him down as Master Xehanort turns toward the others)

Master Xehanort: Now...the Keyblade War will finally reach its conclusion!

(Master Xehanort rises into the air with the thirteenth key rejoining the 
others. They float around him as the great yellow moon of Kingdom Hearts 
shines in the sky. He basks in its glow, the culmination of his life's work 
now in the eleventh hour. He raises his Keyblade, which glows and becomes 
a new weapon made of two crossed keys, the Chi-blade. He marvels at its 
brilliance)

Master Xehanort: The Chi-blade is complete.

(Sora watches from below, unable to stop him)

Master Xehanort: Kingdom Hearts! I call upon your true form. Open now and 
show me the World to come.

(He aims the Chi-blade at Kingdom Hearts and a violet beam erupts from the 
blade. It strikes the moon and wreathes it in dark flame, eventually 
turning it a deep shade of purple. The horizon turns a shade of pink and 
rays of light peek out from behind Kingdom Hearts. Sora, still on his 
knees, feels crestfallen. Donald and Goofy arrive, placing hands of comfort 
on his back)

Donald: Hey, don't give up.

(Goofy grabs him by the waist and helps him stand up)

Goofy: We thought ya might be able to use a couple a' more half-pints.

Sora: Donald... Goofy...

(They smile at him)

Donald: Typical. You can't do anything without us, Sora.

(Sora wipes the tears from his eyes)

Goofy: Now wipe those tears, and let's go stop Master Xehanort!

Sora: Yeah...but...he controls Kingdom Hearts now. And Kairi...

(He looks down)

Roxas: You, worried?

(They look over, seeing Roxas, Axel, and Xion enter along with Terra, Aqua, 
and Ventus)

Sora: Guys.

Axel: Sorry we took so long. Had a couple of plot points that needed ironing 
out.

(Ventus and Roxas exchange a look on their identical faces. Terra and Aqua 
look up)

Terra: Master Xehanort...

Aqua: He did it. He opened Kingdom Hearts.

Ventus: So, what now?

(She looks down, unsure, along with Sora. There is a flash signaling the 
end of the time spell and Mickey hops down to them followed by Riku)

Mickey: We've still got one hope.

Sora: Your Majesty, Riku, are you okay?

Mickey: We're fine.

Riku: Yeah.

Ventus: What hope?

Riku: It's Xehanort. During the Mark of Mastery exam, we learned that he 
can transcend space and time. He's a portal. And we can use that to trap him.

(Mickey nods)

Mickey: But, it won't be easy. Aqua, Riku, I'll need both your help if we're 
gonna push Xehanort out of this world.

Aqua: Understood.

(Aqua starts to walk towards him)

Sora: Wait. I'll do it.

Riku: What?

Sora: Kingdom Hearts is a much bigger threat. Let me handle Xehanort...
while you guys keep it shut.

(Mickey looks concerned, but Sora nods to him. The rest of them nod in 
return and Mickey concedes)

Mickey: Okay, Sora.

Sora: I got this.

(Sora walks forward, soon joined by Donald and Goofy)

Donald: You can't forget about us.

Goofy: Without Keyblades, it's not like we'll be much help here.

(Donald shushes him and the others watch them go. Donald holds out a hand 
and Goofy places his on top, then Sora following him)

Sora: Three half-pints together again.

(Riku smiles)

Terra: Let's move. The darkness is spreading.

(They ready their weapons as Master Xehanort hovers above)

Xion: Sora.

(She walks forward and he turns to her)

Sora: Oh, hey.

(She gives him a small smile)

Xion: Kairi will be all right. I can feel it.

(She places a hand on her heart. Surprised and comforted, he smiles back)

Sora: Thank you.

(They nod and the Guardians of Light assemble. The Keyblade wielders aim 
their keys toward Master Xehanort, the teeth of them glowing. Sora spins 
his Keyblade in a large arc before twisting it in his hand and aiming it 
as well)

Sora: Do it!

(They each project a beam toward Kingdom Hearts, eight spots creating a 
hole in the darkness of the moon from which light eminates. Just as Master 
Xehanort turns around, he is struck in the heart by Sora)

Master Xehanort: What?!

(A pink spiked sphere emerges from his chest, a portal to trap him. Sora, 
Donald and Goofy become a sphere of light which floats up to the portal 
before light envelops Kingdom Hearts. As the brightness subsides, Sora 
opens his eyes, the sound of waves filling his ears)

Sora: Whoa. Where are we?

(They look around at a stunning city of white buildings. Hanging cable cars 
run overhead as the sea breeze wafts through the ubiquitous windmills 
scattered through the cityscape. Out over the sea are similar looking 
architecture, each connected by the cable car system. The sky is a bright 
blue and the sun warm and inviting)

Goofy: It's beautiful.

Donald: Admire it another time.

Sora: Right. We need to find Master Xehanort.

Donald & Goofy: Yeah!

Goofy: Xehanort has to be somewhere in town.

(They make their way into town from the waterscape, passing beneath a 
decorative metal arch onto a blue cobblestone street. They look around, 
but see no signs of other people)

Goofy: It sure is awful quiet here.

Donald: There's no one around.

(Xehanort walks through the town off to Sora's left, just catching his eye. 
He turns, seeing no one, as Xehanort has reappeared walking behind him. 
Seeing him this time, he runs toward him)

Sora: Hey!

(He runs after the old man, who continues walking obliviously. Sora sees 
Master Xehanort staring at him from the middle of a stairway and stops)

Sora: Wh-what?

(Donald and Goofy catch up to Sora, who looks back to the previous Xehanort, 
which is now staring at him exactly as the other. Upon closer inspection, 
the image of Xehanort flickers)

Sora: What's going on?

(The Xehanort on the stairs flickers as well before changing form entirely 
to a robed figure with a large horned mask. The second Xehanort does the 
same, unsettling Donald. The Replica Xehanorts float into the air, suddenly 
becoming three, and then four)

Sora: Are you serious?

(Five. Six becomes eight. Eight becomes twelve. The masked Replicas 
surround them and they summon their weapons)

Donald: The Organization?

Goofy: I don't think they're the locals.

Sora: Ready?

(They each teleport away, much to their confusion, and they dispel their 
weapons again. Wandering further through the town, the mysterious 
adversaries engage them in battle. Each Replica wields one of the 
Organization XIII's member's weapons and the trio work quickly to beat 
them back. The twelve villains rise high into the air, surrounding the 
mountain's central citadel. Runes appear between them and the citadel 
and soon lines and other cryptic symbols black out the sky within a large 
arcane circle. With the city locked in darkness, Sora, Donald and Goofy 
evade the lasers that descend throughout the town. With the hellstorm to 
cover them, the twelve pursue Sora together. One Replica knocks him skyward 
and a group attack forces him to block not a moment too soon. The 360 
degree attack leaves them beaten down. They struggle to catch their breath)

Master Xehanort: Of all the places to be sent.

(Sora looks up and sees the old man)

Sora: Master Xehanort!

(He looks straight at them, smirking)

Master Xehanort: Behold, this town... Once a seat of power for all Keyblade 
wielders. It is the nexus from which all worlds spring.

(One of the fallen Replicas hovers lifelessly in the air, its legs and arms 
limp. Its body reeks with darkness, turning black, and vanishes into an 
ashen sphere of black and white. The rest follow in turn. Xehanort stands 
tall as the power from the twelve Replicas enters his body)

Master Xehanort: Here, I and my other selves can be one. United...in Scala 
ad Caelum.

(He spreads his arms wide, lifting off the ground. He trembles, giving off a 
dark aura, before exploding into a wind of black and white. The winds 
encircle him like ribbons and a transformation occurs. As the wind dies 
down, Master Xehanort is now covered head to toe in armor. From sharp silver 
and red gauntlets to black pointed sabatons to a giant mask in the shape of 
a ram's head. Master Xehanort summons his Keyblade and beckons them forth)

Donald: Come on!

Goofy: Let's get him!

Sora: Yeah!

(Master Xehanort waves his hand and the city begins to shift. The earth 
gives a gigantic heave and the hills bend upwards, folding over the sky. 
With another flourish and the turning of his fist, the gravity slides to 
the left as the three of them land on the side of a building)

Sora: You guys okay?

Master Xehanort: Down!

(Slicing his arm through the air, Master Xehanort shifts the gravity once 
again, sliding the three of them off the physical plane as the city twists 
around them. They eventually land, bathed in just the glow of the city, as 
Xehanort floats above them)

Sora: Xehanort!

Master Xehanort: I admire your tenacity.

(Xehanort conjures green fireballs that surround Sora. Without warning, they 
converge and warp Sora close to Master Xehanort, who claws at him, 
destroying a sign perched upon the vertical ground)

Master Xehanort: Concede!

(Continuously swinging, he strikes Sora with his Keyblade before knocking 
him down. Aiming his blade, several fireballs erupt from the weapon, 
scattering over the area, but Sora blocks them along with Goofy)

Master Xehanort: Taste defeat!

(He swings the Keyblade in wide arcs, a trail of black and red following 
with each blow. Slamming Sora toward a cobblestone wall, he pushes off of 
it, returning the attack. Back on solid ground, Xehanort raises a hand and 
turns his fist again, forcing the walls to slide again. Forming a sphere 
with his gauntlets, he turns them clockwise until they lose their footing 
and fall into the water. Breathing still beneath the sea, they face Xehanort 
in front of an upside down tower. Though his ears are muffled, he can still 
hear the sound of the old man's cackle)

Master Xehanort: This town shall be your resting place.

(Sora and Donald send multiple various spells at Master Xehanort, while 
also dodging the underwater fireballs he sends toward them. Even below the 
waves, his strikes are swift and furious)

Master Xehanort: Arise!

(Master Xehanort erects four pillars of fire that encircle Sora and gets in 
two strong strikes. The pillars close in on Sora, but he squeezes through 
them in time to avoid their twisting transformation into a fiery tornado. 
The vortex releases large spurts of fireballs, which Sora and Donald 
counter with Sea-Blizzaga while Goofy uses his shield as cover. The 
struggle continues until Master Xehanort teleports away. After a few 
moments of silence, the trio swim upwards until they breach the water's 
surface, hopping onto the cracked roof of a building. Street lamps and 
rubble bob in the water around them. They look up towards the citadel, 
finding Master Xehanort peering down at them from his place in the air.

Master Xehanort: You've performed admirably.

(Sora summons his Keyblade again and jumps across the broken rooftops 
toward Xehanort. The Master shoves his hand out just as Sora closes in on 
him and motions upward, casting him into another pillar of flame)

Master Xehanort: Just let it end, boy.

(When the fire subsides, Sora does a somersault in the air, striking him 
with the Keyblade. He teleports away, spraying Sora with more fireballs. 
Sora dodges aside in midair as Xehanort's left hand glows blue. He sails 
toward Sora at a rapid pace and grabs him by the face)

Master Xehanort: Your reward!

(Sora struggles against his strong grip, red electricity crackling around 
the Master's fierce claw. His balance is shaken as Xehanort swings him 
toward the ground with a crash. Regaining himself, the two fly around the 
city, circling over the splintered streets. Master Xehanort's left hand 
glows a bright red and he spirals upward, summoning an enormous pillar of 
fire which sends ripples through the twisted town's structure. As Sora 
ducks behind a mirrored building, more pillars appear, creating thick cracks 
in the white stone of the city. Bullets of fire spurt out from the pillars, 
ebbing and flowing around the various edifices of the mountain. At rapid 
flight speed, Master Xehanort weaves through the pillars, attempting to 
knock Sora into the path of the fire)

Master Xehanort: Consume!

(The pillar dissolves into a gravity well that pulls him inside, engulfing 
him in flames. With a loud grunt, Master Xehanort detonates the gravity 
well with a gigantic explosion, further damaging the city. Sora manages 
to escape the destruction, flying back up to Master Xehanort's level. They 
exchange dodges and blows with their Keyblades until...)

Master Xehanort: You think you have won?

(Master Xehanort drops his Keyblade, stumbling back on the cobblestones. 
The blade disappears and he clutches his chest, finding his armor full of 
cracks. They glow brighter until the armor shatters around him, forcing 
him to his knees. He stares at Sora, Donald, and Goofy for a moment before 
giving a smirk, escaping through a corridor of darkness. The trio dispel 
their weapons with uncertain confusion as Sora looks up to the citadel. He 
turns to Donald and Goofy, and they nod. Sora leaps up through the 
obliterated city over the floating rubble seemingly frozen in time. Atop 
the large fortress, they enter underneath the spiked arches of gold to a 
wide platform where Master Xehanort reappears. He stares with arms folded 
behind his back at the boy who has caused him so much trouble. Sora 
summons his Keyblade)

Sora: It's all over, Xehanort!

(He glares, pointing his Keyblade at Xehanort)

Master Xehanort: You thought you could contain me here...knowing all that 
you do about connections?

(Xehanort wiggles his fingers in front of them, sparking a brilliant light. 
They shield their eyes as the Chi-blade appears in his hand. Sora gasps, 
and Donald and Goofy's eyes widen. Xehanort lifts off the ground before 
them, feeling the weight of the blade in his hand)

Master Xehanort: There is one sky, one destiny!

(He aims the blade to the heavens and the clouds grow dim, the air beginning 
to swirl. He lowers the blade and chuckles to himself. Donald and Goofy 
summon their weapons and Sora tightens his grip on the Keyblade, firmly 
planting his feet on the stone floor)

Master Xehanort: Destiny is never left to chance.

(Master Xehanort flies toward Sora, attempting to strike him with the Chi-
blade. Sora dodges aside and performs a downswing with his Keyblade. 
Xehanort fades out only to summon a large keyhole-shaped portal and strike 
Sora without warning)

Master Xehanort: Chi-blade!

(He tosses the Chi-blade at Sora, releasing an icy chill before summoning 
three fireballs. He smashes them together and lets loose bolts of lightning 
over the battlefield. After failing to dodge some of Xehanort's attacks, 
Sora takes on a more defensive strategy, keeping Xehanort's attention on 
him, allowing Donald to cast ice and fire spells that hone in on their 
adversary. Soon, Master Xehanort rises over the citadel, too far out of 
reach. He raises his arms high summoning a magic circle beneath their feet. 
It rises into the air, bringing Sora and company with it)

Master Xehanort: Come, Kingdom Hearts!

(He aims the Chi-blade into the sky, releasing a beam of light to a point 
in the clouds. He laughs as the clouds part, revealing the shining Kingdom 
Hearts behind it. The great heart-shaped moon sends a laugh from the belly 
of the old man, his plans coming to fruition)

Master Xehanort: Judgement!

(Master Xehanort whirls around to face them, sending a barrage of dark 
fireballs in their direction. Sora manages to dodge one, but it swings 
around and hits its mark regardless. Xehanort begins a series of 
teleporting through keyholes, but Sora counters with his Keyblade. After 
the succession of attacks hampers him more than helps the progression of 
his fight, Master Xehanort vanishes in the light of the moon. He reappears, 
releasing the Chi-blade from his grasp. It spins vertically over his 
outstretched hand)

Master Xehanort: Enlighten me!

(He tosses the Chi-blade high toward Kingdom Hearts, sending rays of 
light in all directions. They rain down over Sora, a yellow glow erupting 
from his body. Sora feels a tug as the light is ejected from his body and 
his form turns dark, his eyes glowing)

Master Xehanort: Kingdom Hearts!

(Thirteen pillars of light strike the magic circle and spiral outwards 
as Sora dodges through them. Xehanort cackles loudly, striking him with 
halos of light. In the meager moments between teleportation or dodging 
attacks, Sora swings at Xehanort, knocking orbs of light from him. 
Approaching the orbs, they shine into Sora like a magnet. Sora knocks 
Xehanort back and spins to right himself in the air. He pulses as rage 
reaches the apex, surging forward leaving a trail of red light behind him. 
He strikes Xehanort repeatedly before leaping upwards under the moon's 
light. Tendrils of black seep from his body and with an intense blow, Sora 
sends Xehanort to the ground, causing a sonic blast. The world around 
them turns gray and Sora's form is restored. Dark thrones like those used 
by the Organization rise around the magic circle, stretching to the 
heavens. Xehanort bathed in darkness sits casually, almost bored, on the 
tallest throne)

Master Xehanort: Expire!

(The symbol at the center of the magic circle glows red. A violet light 
shines from each of the thrones as dark clones of Xehanort fly toward 
Sora, striking in succession. Sora blocks at the start, but each clone 
pursues him faster and faster until pulses of light sent from the thrones 
knock him away. The aberrant gray sky around them undulates abnormally 
as an even stronger ray of light flashes from Xehanort's prime throne. 
The malformed sky retreats and the thrones vanish, leaving Xehanort alone 
beneath Kingdom Hearts. Sora aims his Keyblade towards the old man, 
releasing a beam of light. Master Xehanort curls his fingers as the beam 
strikes an invisible barrier and dissipates, bringing a smile to Xehanort's 
face)

Master Xehanort: It ends here and now.

(He raises the Chi-blade and tongues of darkness lick around Kingdom Hearts 
as the sky around them turns white. The three stand helpless as the moon 
is enveloped in darkness. Master Xehanort and the Chi-blade glow as he 
aims it at Sora, sending a beam down toward him. Sora blocks with his 
Keyblade, sending large sparks and keyholes scattering as a dark mist 
sprays up from the beam. Sora struggles against its power until it knocks 
him back. He floats in the abyss of unconsciousness, his heart hanging 
by a thread. It pulses from within him, calling out. The heartbeat grows 
stronger and two lights appear, flying into Sora's body as his chest 
glows. Sora opens his eyes, feeling the rush of wind around him as he 
continues to hold back the beam of dark light from the Chi-blade. Feeling 
his load a bit lighter, he looks to the right of him as Goofy helps to hold 
the attack back. To his left, Donald has done the same, bringing a smile to 
his face. With renewed determination, the three force the beam away. 
Stirring up the air around them, Sora aims the Keyblade toward Xehanort, 
the three holding on together as a large crown symbol appears at their 
feet. Comets of red, blue and green spiral into the teeth of the blade 
as the Trinity Limit sends Xehanort's dark beam into pieces, striking 
back against the Master once and for all. The world flashes white as 
Master Xehanort is sent back to the roof of the citadel. The scent of 
darkness wafts from him as he drops the Chi-blade. Sora, Donald and Goofy 
catch their breath as the old man collapses to the ground. He struggles, 
but is too weak to stand)

Master Xehanort: Why... How...

Sora: It's over now! You lost!

(Xehanort pushes against the floor to maintain eye contact with Sora)

Master Xehanort: No, look... You are too late...

(They look up, seeing an orange emanation from Kingdom Hearts. Sora gasps 
and Goofy turns to Donald)

Goofy: Are we really?

Donald (angrily): I don't know.

Sora: What's gonna happen?

(Xehanort struggles to speak, getting to his knees. He grasps his side 
with one hand and holds himself up with the other)

Master Xehanort: A purge... The World will be returned whence it started. 
The World began in darkness. And from that darkness came light. From the 
light came the people, and the people had hearts. Evil burgeoned in those 
hearts, begetting more darkness. And that darkness spread across the World 
like a plague. The light, the symbol of the World's hope, was devoured by 
shadow, leaving nothing but ruin... An utter failure. But, the first light--
the light of Kingdom Hearts--it can give us a new start. An empty World, 
pure and bright...

Sora: It wasn't your decision to make.

(Master Xehanort looks up at him and grabs the Chi-blade, slamming it into 
the ground to use as a crutch to stand)

Master Xehanort: Then whose was it?

(Once to his feet, he pulls the blade out of the floor. Sora finds himself 
without an answer)

Master Xehanort: The World needs someone to stand up and lead.

(Xehanort clenches his fist)

Master Xehanort: Someone strong, to stop the weak from polluting the World 
with their endless darkness. Someone to dictate their destiny.

Sora: If so...you're not that person, Xehanort.

(He stares at Sora heavily)

Sora: A real leader knows that destiny is beyond his control...and accepts 
that.

(Xehanort narrows an eye and Sora mimics him. Xehanort smiles softly)

Master Xehanort: You...make me think of an old friend.

(Goofy sees something in the sky and points)

Goofy: Look!

(Sora looks up as, with a great shatter, a Keyhole appears. Streaks of 
light fly from the Keyhole forming into the shapes of Riku and King Mickey. 
Axel, Roxas and Xion follow and join Sora on the ground, along with Terra, 
Aqua and Ventus)

Donald: You made it!

(Mickey walks up to them)

Mickey: Are you okay?

Donald (nodding): Yep.

(Sora and Goofy nod)

Riku: Kingdom Hearts is closing on the other side. But we managed to 
follow our hearts to you.

(Sora smiles and Terra turns toward Xehanort)

Terra: Master Xehanort...

(He starts to walk toward Xehanort but Aqua grabs his arm. He turns to her 
and his stare is all she needs to release her hold. Ventus joins Aqua as 
Terra faces down Xehanort. He exhales)

Terra: There's more to light than meets the eye. As I told you.

(Master Xehanort's yellow eyes widen)

Master Xehanort: You sly fox...

(Terra shines with light and a heart floats out of his chest. The light 
coalesces into the form of a tall serious-looking man in a white robe, 
Master Eraqus. Ventus and Aqua gasp at the sight of their former master. 
He glows with a rich aura as Terra and Eraqus speak as one)

Terra & Eraqus: Now, hand over the Chi-blade, Xehanort.

Master Xehanort (frustrated): It is too late.

Master Eraqus: For us, perhaps...but not for them.

(He turns toward Sora and Riku. Xehanort raises the Chi-blade)

Master Xehanort: No... I can do this.

(Eraqus says nothing as Xehanort's right hand trembles. Eraqus walks up and 
grabs the Chi-blade, placing a hand on his friend's shoulder)

Master Eraqus: Enough. Checkmate.

(In the bright study at Scala ad Caelum, the Boy in Black stares down at 
the remaining piece on the chessboard, the crown token gleaming in the 
sunlight. The Boy in White smiles)

Young Eraqus: I told you that you might be surprised.

Young Xehanort: Yeah, you got me.

(He smiles, turning to lean against the window)

Young Eraqus: Huh? Really?

Young Xehanort: What?

Young Eraqus: It's just, you never admit it when you lose.

Young Xehanort: That's 'cause I never lose.

Young Eraqus: Oh, come on.

(Xehanort and Eraqus break into laughter)

Young Xehanort: Good game today.

Young Eraqus: I try.

Young Xehanort: Maybe I won't go as far as you.

Young Eraqus: Huh?

Young Xehanort: When the World needs a defender, they'll pick you, Eraqus.

(Xehanort taps the crown token, wobbling the chess piece)

Young Eraqus (sheepishly): Y-you think?

Young Xehanort: But that doesn't mean that I can't be there for you.

(He smiles and Eraqus grins)

Young Eraqus: Yeah. And I'LL be there for YOU.

(They chuckle beneath the tall windows. The memory brings a warm smile to 
Master Xehanort's face and he glances at Master Eraqus. Xehanort calmly 
walks over to Sora, offering him the Chi-blade)

Master Xehanort: Very well done.

(Sora pauses, but takes the blade in hand, looking back up. Xehanort folds 
his hands behind his back and Eraqus looks over to his three former students)

Master Eraqus: Terra, Aqua, Ven. Forgive your foolish teacher.

(The three start crying and rush over to him)

Ventus & Aqua: Master!

(Aqua and Ven embrace him as Terra approaches)

Terra: Master!

(Tears fill his eyes and he joins the hug. Eraqus looks down)

Master Eraqus: Ven, I put you through such a harrowing experience.

(Ventus cries)

Master Eraqus: And Aqua, I left you with such a heavy burden. 

(Aqua sobs and he turns to Terra)

Master Eraqus: Terra, look after them for me. Please.

(Terra nods and Ven and Aqua wipe away their tears. Xehanort glances at 
them momentarily before his attention is turned to his own weak knees. He 
struggles to stand and just before his leg gives out, Eraqus catches him)

Master Eraqus: Here.

(He lifts Xehanort's arm over his shoulder)

Master Eraqus: Ready, my friend?

Master Xehanort: Yes...

(Xehanort glows with the same warm aura as Eraqus, shining brighter 
together. As the light settles the two appears as boys again, softly 
chuckling in each other's company. They rise into the air, the light of 
Kingdom Hearts shining down upon them, becoming hearts returning home. 
The beacon of light dims and Mickey walks up)

Mickey: Sora, let's close it.

(Sora nods, taking the Chi-blade in hand)

Sora: Everybody, help me out.

(They nod and approach Sora, creating an arc around him. Sora holds the 
Chi-blade with both hands and raises it skyward. He and his friends glow 
with a yellow shine as blue and gold wisps of energy focus themselves into 
the blade. A radiant orb of light erupts from the Chi-blade, sending a 
beam towards Kingdom Hearts. As the beam strikes, a brilliant light flows 
forth, bathing the world. The Chi-blade shines with an equal radiance as 
they stare into the light. With a flash, they return to the Keyblade 
Graveyard. The hovering moon has disappeared and the sky feels lighter and 
calmer)

Mickey: It's finally over.

(They nod, but Sora shakes his head, his back to them)

Sora: ...No.

Riku: We'll find Kairi. Let's head back to Master Yen Sid. We can figure it 
out.

Sora: No, I know what to do.

Mickey: Sora...

(He turns toward them)

Sora: My whole journey began the day I lost her. And every time I find her...
she slips away again. I thought we'd finally be together. But she's out 
there, alone. Not for one more second.

Donald: We'll go too!

Goofy: That's right!

Sora: Thank you, Donald, Goofy. But this time, I have to go it alone.

Mickey: Sora, listen. The power of waking isn't to go chase hearts around! 
Even if you do locate Kairi, you might never come home to us again.

Sora (confidently): I will. And we'll both be back before you know it.

Mickey: Please...

(Riku clenches his fist before calmly walking over to Mickey, placing a 
hand on the mouse's shoulder)

Riku: Let him go, Mickey.

Mickey: Riku...

Riku: His heart and his mind are made up. Now, believe in him.

Mickey: Yeah... Safe journey, Sora.

Sora: Thank you.

(Sora takes out the Keyblade, shining a beam into the air. A keyhole 
appears, shattered into the sky, taking Sora to his destination. Later, 
Donald and Goofy escort King Mickey back to Disney Castle. His eyes light 
up when he sees Queen Minnie. He runs to her and she sheds a tear. She 
starts to run to him, but Pluto jumps ahead and pounces on Mickey, 
licking his face as Mickey giggles. Pluto barks happily when Minnie 
reaches him. She laughs and takes his hands in hers as Daisy approaches 
Donald sweetly, before giving him a reproachful look. Goofy shudders in 
anticipation of her outburst but she only hugs Donald instead. Jiminy 
Cricket pops out onto Goofy shoulder with a smile. He grabs his top hat 
as Goofy turns to see Yen Sid enter with Chip and Dale perched on his 
shoulders. Pluto jumps excitedly and the sorcerer smiles down at them. The 
sky flashed brightly and everyone looks up as the sky is illuminated with 
colorful fireworks. Meanwhile, Terra, Aqua, and Ven return to the Land of 
Departure. Eraqus's Keyblade is planted in the ground adorned with a wreath, 
a vigil for their fallen master. The three each hold their Wayfinders close 
to their hearts before walking back to the castle. Terra and Aqua walk on 
ahead while something catches Ven's eye. Peering from behind a stone wall is 
a cat with folded ears, a cape, and a coin purse. Skittishly at being seen, 
Chirithy ducks behind the wall, before peeking out slowly. Ventus beckons 
it over and it hops out from the wall and into his arms. Terra calls for 
him to catch up and he obliges, as the three Wayfinders glimmer from their 
place on the wreath. In Twilight Town, Axel and Roxas sit in their usual 
spot, the clock tower. They look over as Xion joins them, sitting beside 
Roxas with a smile. They stare out at the ever-setting sun as a hand reaches 
in bearing sea-salt ice cream. They look up and see Isa with four bars in 
his hand. He offers one to each of them and sits beside Axel. Roxas goes to 
take a bite but notices the arrival of Hayner, Pence and Olette, each with 
their own ice cream bar. Axel and Roxas raise theirs in greeting and the 
trio sits next to Xion. They all begin to eat and a flying shadow passes 
over them. In Radiant Garden, Even and Ansem the Wise are working on the 
computer as Ienzo is monitoring a girl in the chair. Namin's eyes flutter 
open and Even and Ienzo smile. Later, Namin is led out of the castle by 
Dilan and Aeleus. She squints at the brightness of the sun as the Gummi Ship 
sails down to the square, blowing wind through her blonde hair and 
scattering flower petals. Riku steps out to greet her. She smiles and he 
extends his hand. She returns the smile and takes it. The Gummi Ship sails 
back into the sky. Some time later, this much larger group of friends play 
on the beach of the Destiny Islands. Riku, Roxas and Terra race along the 
beach as Mickey and Aqua cheer them on. Ventus, Axel and Isa play frisbee 
while Namin and Xion look at seashells. Hayner, Pence, and Olette complete 
their sand sculpture of the King's symbol while Donald proudly unveils his 
and Goofy's sculpture of...himself. Donald hops in front, mimicking the 
pose of the sculpture just as the frisbee crashes through it, dumping sand 
all over Donald. He balls up his fist and shakes it off angrily. Ven 
apologizes, incurring Donald's wrath as Mickey greets Riku as the winner of 
the race. Terra and Roxas catch their breath as Riku looks out to shore, 
catching the attention of the group. On the slanted paopu tree of the 
miniature island, Kairi sits next to Sora, his hand in hers. A tear rolls 
down her cheek and his form blurs and fades as the sun sets. In Olympus, 
Hercules continues the cleanup of the city. He sets down a heavy pillar 
and wipes his chin, exhaling. His eyes light up when Meg appears. She 
smiles and waves him closer. She guides him back to the Agora, covering 
his eyes. She stops and removes her hands. He looks up in surprise to see 
the restored statue of himself and the townspeople cheer on their hero as 
Pegasus walks over. Phil points to himself, basking in the praise as 
Pegasus and Meg share a glance. Hercules mimics the strong pose of his 
statue. Meanwhile in Twilight Town, a large group of customers are queued 
up outside Le Grand Bistrot. Scrooge, nervously fidgeting about behind the 
crowd, runs to the kitchen angrily shouting. He stops in surprise as Little 
Chef is busily cooking up dishes better than ever. He happily sniffs the 
chicken breast in one sautee pan before searing the scallops in the other. 
He stirs soup and joyfully adds seasoning to some steak. He sniffs the 
various scents of his food, smiling satisfyingly, as Scrooge stares in 
shock. He drops his cane, alerting Little Chef to his presence. The rat 
peers around cautiously before giving the owner a thumbs-up. Back in Andy's 
Room, Sheriff Woody chats with Buzz as he sits on a wooden block. Rex and 
Hamm pore over the strategy guide for Verum Rex as the Little Green Men gaze 
at each other, Sarge keeping a look out. They hear a sound from beyond the 
bedroom door and Woody stands next to Buzz, their attention focused on it. 
They smile wide as the doorknob begins to turn. The door opens and they 
drop to the floor motionless, but not before sharing a collective wink. At 
sunset in the Caribbean, the Flying Dutchman sails on with Will Turner at 
the helm. On the shoreline, Elizabeth watches him sail away. Later, Captain 
Jack Sparrow and Mr. Gibbs stare at the dingy docked in the place the Black 
Pearl should be. Gibbs looks out to sea, spotting something small on the 
horizon. Jack follows his gaze and sees the Black Pearl sailing far away 
from Port Royal. At night, Big Hero 6 clean up the destruction after a fight 
on the streets of San Fransokyo. Fred uses his ice breath to stamp out a 
flaming car. Honey Lemon tosses her adhesive chem-balls at the cracks in a 
building as the structure starts to give way. Wasabi chops through the body 
of a fallen truck as Go Go rolls away with a civilian on her back. Two cars 
lean off the edge of the overpass, their windows shattered. One of them 
begins to fall over as innocent cityfolk watch from below, but Baymax, 
carrying Hiro, catches it in midair. Suddenly the second car tumbles down. 
Hiro reaches, though helpless to stop it, but it is caught by the second 
Baymax. Hiro smiles at him in relief. Afterward, the citizens cheer them 
on. They exchange smiles and strike a pose. Meanwhile in Monstropolis, Mike 
Wazowski creeps up slowly behind Sulley, getting ready for a big scare. 
Sulley suddenly turns, shushing Mike to his surprise. Sulley turns revealing 
a sleeping Boo tucked in his arms. They look down at her and smile, and 
Sulley walks her over to her flowery door. After putting her to bed, they 
give warm smiles before closing her bedroom door. In Arendelle, Kristoff 
and Anna sled down the mountain as Olaf slides on his stomach beside them. 
Kristoff looks ahead in horror as they careen towards a cliff. He screams 
as Anna grins with resolve. Elsa turns around to see the sled and Olaf 
fly off the cliff. She opens her hand and magically creates an icy slide to 
catch them. They slowly come to a stop in front of Elsa and Sven, and 
Kristoff collapses on his back as Anna jumps out excitedly greeting her 
sister. Sven licks Kristoff's jacket with a grin as Marshmallow walks 
over. He opens his giant fists revealing pieces of Olaf. The snowman's 
body rebuilds itself, his head almost toppling over, and Elsa and Anna 
laugh at Marshmallow's reaction. In the Kingdom of Corona, Maximus struts 
around the marketplace as Eugene and a tiara-ed Rapunzel take each other's 
hands. He touches her face romantically and they pull in closer as 
hundreds of lanterns float in the sky above them. In the 100 Acre Wood, 
the gang is gathered around Rabbit's vegetable patch. Gopher helps Rabbit 
till the soil while Tigger uses his bouncing skills to tap holes into the 
ground. Piglet and Pooh help plant seeds as Roo and Lumpy water the new 
plants with his trunk. The water in the air sparkles bringing a smile to 
their faces. And finally...in the Keyblade Graveyard, Master Xehanort's 
Keyblade, the blade with no name, punctures the dry ground with its steel 
teeth. The blade's keychain rattles against the winged hilt in the blustery 
wind sailing through the desolate battlefield. A gloved hand grasps the 
Keyblade, pulling it from the soil, and the man stares out through his 
hood at the blade)

????: Finally, back where it belongs.

(He looks up, seeing a sandy vortex to his left. Out from the hazy winds 
steps a figure in colored robes. The man stands at the crossroads and 
three more robed figures emerge from their own vortices on each path. The 
first he identifies as Ira, a tall man in a unicorn mask. The second, Invi, 
a woman with the mask of a snake. Third, Aced, a large man with the mask 
of a bear. And fourth, Gula, a young man with the mask of a leopard. They 
approach the man, who stands beside a large black trunk)

Ira: Did you summon us back?

????: Yep.

(Ira looks down at the Keyblade in the man's hand)

Ira: Is that you, Luxu? You look different.

(The man lifts his hood to reveal the scarred visage and eyepatch of...)

Xigbar: Haven't heard that name in a long while. These days they call me 
Xigbar, but hey, whatever suits you.

Invi: Is it...really you?

Xigbar: Yeah, but some time ago, I had to cast my old form away. Been 
through plenty more semblances since, but it's still me underneath it all.

Aced: What happened? Why are we here? You tell me.

(Xigbar lifts the Keyblade)

Xigbar: I had a role to play. And after all these years, it's done.

Invi: What role?

(From above, Maleficent and Pete watch them before moving on. Xigbar looks 
around at the four of them, smirking)

Xigbar: I guess Ava didn't make it after all.

Gula: Meaning what?

(He turns to face Gula)

Xigbar: I told her, clear as day, what it is I had to do.

Gula: And is that why you decided to exclude her?

(Xigbar looks to the sky)

Xigbar: As if. Ava had her own mission, and she carried it out.

Aced: I've heard enough! Luxu, what was your role?

(Xigbar gives a small laugh before looking over at the black box)

Xigbar: I hope you like long stories.

(In Scala ad Caelum, Young Eraqus and Xehanort stare out the window after 
their chess game. Xehanort looks down at the crown token left on the board 
standing next to a fallen piece with the head of a ram. Eraqus looks back 
to the board and remembers)

Young Eraqus: Oh, right. 

(He picks up the two pieces and resets the board)

Young Xehanort: What's this?

Young Eraqus: I heard about this new game.

(Eraqus places seven pieces on Xehanort's side of the board, many with 
animal symbols on them)

Young Xehanort: Seven black pieces. And?

(Eraqus looks down at the white crown piece in his hand)

Young Eraqus: Just watch...

(He plants the piece on the board. Blackness. Two eyes open. Red and blue 
lights reflected in a puddle on the pavement. A droplet of water falls to 
the ground, creating waves. Sora opens his eyes, seeing the blurry image of 
his own hand on the pavement. He moves his fingers as the water ripples 
beneath them. He stands up slowly taking in the details of the world around 
him. He sees a blue-tinged skyscraper in the reflection of the water. Sora 
looks down at his hand, the orange lights behind him reflecting his 
silhouette on the ground. He turns, not recognizing the buildings around 
him. Elsewhere, Riku stands. The blue lights behind him casting a glow 
against his skin. He scans his surroundings in haste. An orange stop light 
shines among the bluish tint of the city. Sora looks to his right. The 
water droplets on a nearby car cast a blue tinge despite the orange of the 
city around him. They start to walk about the two cities. Sora stares ahead 
at a building with a glowing "104" sign and Riku casts his eyes upward to a 
skyscraper with two towers. The lights at the top of each slowly flashing 
with a red light. Much like the many crossroads in his past, Sora stands 
amidst an intersection. Riku walks alongside the building, his boots 
slapping against the wet stone pathway. Sitting above the peak of the 
building is the young man with one blue and one red eye, Yozora. He stares 
down at Riku. Out across the cityscape, a hooded figure steps out onto the 
ledge of a skyscraper. The wind whips through his black coat as he faces the 
two-towered building from several miles away. He lifts his hands to the 
bright full moon, first making a rectangle like a frame. He shifts his 
fingers, turning them to a heart-shape over the moon)


"Reconnect."

KINGDOM HEARTS